Military / Overseas Voters | Bexar County Elections, TX
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Elections
Voters
Elected Officials
Historical
About Us
Accessibility
Information
Search
Election Information
Registration Check & Polling Location Search
Election Notices
Unofficial Branch Daily Register/EV Rosters
Elections Livestream
Early Voting
Military / Overseas Voters
OmniBallot: Accessible Absentee Portal
Vote by Mail
Ballot by Mail Tracker
FPCA Ballot Tracker
Voter Precincts
Voter Precinct Maps
Elections GIS Maps
Who Represents Me? Search
Accessibility Info
Poll Workers
Poll Worker Portal
Why Serve as an Election Official
Elections Help
Public Info & Media
Home
Elections
Military / Overseas Voters
Military / Overseas Voters
The
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
is a form provided by federal law to permit members of the U.S. Armed Forces and Merchant Marines, their dependents, and U.S. citizens abroad to vote early by mail and, if necessary, to temporarily register to vote.
Eligibility
You are eligible to vote early with an FPCA if you are qualified to vote in Texas and you are:
A member of the U.S. armed forces, their spouse, or a dependent
A member of the U.S. merchant marines, their spouse, or a dependent
A U.S. citizen domiciled in Texas but temporarily living outside the territorial limits of the United States
Military and Overseas Voters Empowerment Act (MOVE)
The Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA) provides the legal basis for absentee voting requirements for U.S. citizens who are active members of the Uniformed Services, the Merchant Marine, the commissioned corps of the Public Health Service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, their family members, and U.S. citizens residing outside the United States.
The Military and Overseas Voter Empowerment (MOVE) Act is a federal law designed to provide greater protection for the voting rights of members of the armed forces, their families, and Americans residing overseas. The MOVE Act is an expansion of UOCAVA. The MOVE Act requires States to send absentee ballots to UOCAVA voters at least 45 days before federal elections.
Eligibility
You are eligible to vote early with a FPCA if you are qualified to vote in Texas and you are:
A member of the U.S. armed forces, their spouse, or a dependent
A member of the U.S. merchant marines, their spouse, or a dependent
A U.S. citizen domiciled in Texas but residing outside the territorial limits of the United States
Submitting an Application
The Federal Postcard Application (FPCA) is the form for UOCAVA citizens to register to vote and request an absentee ballot. This also updates their contact information. In order to apply as a UOCAVA voter, you must complete and submit an FPCA:
By Email to the Elections Department
By mail to:
Bexar County Elections
1103 S Frio St. Ste 100
San Antonio. Texas 78207-6328
If you qualify. you will receive ballots for all elections in which you are eligible for in the year, including any runoffs. All FPCA applications expire on December 31st.
More Information
For more information, visit the
Federal Voting Assistance Program website
or call Bexar County Elections Mailroom at 210-335-8160 during normal business hours.
Election Information
Ballot & Voting Information for the November 3 Election
Early Vote Polling Locations
Interactive map of polling locations for the November 3 election
Voter Registration Check
Check your registration or learn how to register
Volunteer Deputy Registrar
Qualifications & Training Information
Voting by Mail &
Military / Overseas Voting
How and When to Vote By Mail
Poll Worker Portal
Access the Poll Worker Portal
Contact Us
Elections Department
1103 S. Frio
Suite 100
San Antonio, TX 78207
Phone:
210-335-VOTE (8683)
Fax:
210-335-0850
Email Bexar County Elections
Quick Links
Register to Vote
Early Voting
Voter Precincts
Elections Livestream
Poll Workers
Bexar County Website
/QuickLinks.aspx
Helpful Links
Elections Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Copyright Notices
/QuickLinks.aspx
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
