Military and Overseas Voting
Skip to Main Content
Language
About Tarrant
Contact Us
Directory
Locations
About Tarrant
Contact Us
Directory
Locations
TARRANT COUNTY, TX
Language
Tarrant County
Texas
Government
Departments
Administration
Historic Preservation and Archives
Auditor
Budget and Risk Management
Commissioners Court
Communications
Community Development and Housing
Community Supervision and Corrections
Constables
County Clerk
Courts
Criminal District Attorney
Dispute Resolution
District Clerk
Domestic Relations
Elections
Emergency Management
Engineering Services
Facilities Management
Fire Marshal
HIV Administrative Agency
HIV Planning Council
Housing Assistance
Human Resources
Human Services
Information Technology
Jury Services
Justice of the Peace Courts
Juvenile Services
Law Library (Dell Dehay)
Medical Examiner
Public Health
Purchasing
Resource Connection
Sheriff
Tax Assessor-Collector
Texas Agrilife Extension
Veteran Services
Commissioners Court
Commissioners Court
County Judge -
Tim O’Hare
Commissioner Precinct 1 -
Roderick Miles Jr
Commissioner Precinct 2 -
Alisa Simmons
Commissioner Precinct 3 -
Matt Krause
Commissioner Precinct 4 -
Manny Ramirez
Court Agendas
Live Streaming Broadcast
Boards and Commissions
Elected Officials
County Judge -
Tim O’Hare
Commissioner Precinct 1 -
Roderick Miles Jr
Commissioner Precinct 2 -
Alisa Simmons
Commissioner Precinct 3 -
Matt Krause
Commissioner Precinct 4 -
Manny Ramirez
Constables
County Clerk -
Mary Louise Nicholson
Criminal District Attorney -
Phil Sorrells
District Clerk -
Thomas A. Wilder
Judges (Courts)
Justices of the Peace (Courts)
Sheriff -
Bill E. Waybourn
Tax Assessor-Collector -
Rick Barnes
Elected County Officials
Courts
Civil Courts
Civil District Courts Dockets
Courts
Criminal Courts
Criminal Courts Dockets
Family Courts
Justice of the Peace Courts
Juvenile Court
Magistrate Courts
Probate Courts
IV-D (Child Support) Courts
County Courts
District Courts
Civil County Courts
Civil District Courts
Justice of the Peace Courts
Precinct 1
Ralph D. Swearingin Jr.
Precinct 2
Mary Tom Curnutt
Precinct 3
William P. "Bill" Brandt
Precinct 4
Christopher Gregory
Precinct 5
Sergio Deleon
Precinct 6
Jason Charbonnet
Precinct 7
Kenneth Sanders
Precinct 8
Lisa R. Woodard
Constables
Precinct 1
Harry D. Clark |||
Precinct 2
David Woodruff
Precinct 3
Darrell Huffman
Precinct 4
Jody Johnson
Precinct 5
Pedro "Pete" Munoz
Precinct 6
Jon H. Segel
Precinct 7
Sandra Lee
Precinct 8
Michael R. Campbell
Employment
Employment Opportunities
All Applicants
Application Status
Current Employees Only
E-Verify Participant
Employment FAQ
General Employment Information
Human Resources
Job Descriptions
Job Interest Cards
Online Application Information
General Information
Employee Benefits
Employment Opportunities
Human Resources
Tarrant County Credit Union
Volunteer Opportunities
Doing Business
General Information
Alarm Permits
Alcoholic Beverage Permits
Delinquent Tax Sale
Foreclosure Sale Notice
Incentive Programs
Labor Force and Major Employers
Cooperative Purchasing
Historically Underutilized Business
Public Improvement Districts
Bid Opportunities
Current Solicitations
How To Do Business - Purchasing
Online Auction
Vendor Registration
Our Community
Law
Community Supervision and Corrections
Community Supervision Unit
Courts
Child Support
Domestic Relations
Jury Services
Justice of the Peace Courts
Law Library
Self-Represented Litigants
Health and Safety
Crime Mapping
Environmental Services
Fire Marshal
Public Health
Sheriff
Transportation
Election
Campaign Finance
Poll Workers
Past Election Information
Voter Information Sample Ballot
Current Election Information
Property
Alarm Permits
Deed History Card Search
Foreclosure Sale Notice
Housing Assistance
Motor Vehicle Registration
Property Tax
Real Estate Search
Tarrant Appraisal District
Community
2-1-1
Community Development and Housing
Human Services
Incorporated Areas
Law Library Resources
Public Notices
Resource Connection
Tarrant Cares
Texas Counties Deliver
Trinity River Vision
Veteran Services
Volunteer Opportunities
HIV Planning Council
Education
Independent School Districts
School Districts
School Map and Direction
School Search
Tarrant County College
How Do I...
Apply For
Jobs with Tarrant County
Assumed Name (DBA)
ADA Accommodation
Birth/Death Certificate
Housing Assistance
Jury Duty Exemption
Marriage License
Misdemeanor Payment Plan
Occupational Driver's License
Passport
Vendor Registration Account
Search For
Assumed Names (DBA)
Commissioners Court Records
Constable and Justice of the Peace Precincts
County Courts at Law Records
County Locations
Deed History
Employment Opportunities
Foreclosures
Inmate Records / Mugshots
Immunization Centers
Juror Access
Jury Services
Justice of the Peace Records
Law Library Public Access Catalog
Marriage Records
Medical Examiner Records
My Commissioner
Probate Court Records
Property Tax Accounts
Property Tax Owed
Real Estate Records
Restaurant Inspection Scores
Subcourthouses
Swimming Pool Inspections
Traffic Court Records
Vendor Payment Register
Voter Information
Access
Child Support Account
District Clerk e-Filing
District Clerk Subscriber Access
Jury Duty Service Account
Property Tax Account
Tax Entity Reports
Vendor Registration
Pay
Felony Fees
Misdemeanor Fines
Misdemeanor NISI Judgment
Renew Motor Vehicle Registration
Pay Property Tax
Register For
Job Interest Cards
Property Fraud Alerts
Vendor Registration Account
View
Current Solicitations
Budget Reports
Commissioner Court Agendas
Commissioner Court Live
Court Information
Current Election Information
Debt Information
Delinquent Tax Sales
Financial Accounting Reports
Guidelines for Development in Unincorporated Areas
How to Report a Death
Interactive Maps
Meeting Notices
Online Auctions
OpenBooks
Property Tax Estimator
Public Information Act
OpenBooks
Transparency
OpenBooks
Budget Reports
Capital Projects and Schedule
Commissioners Court Agendas and Public Notices
Contracts and Procurement Summary
County Buildings and Utility Reports
Debt Obligation
Economic Development
Financial Accounting Reports
Open Government and Compliance
Payment Register
Property Tax Rate
Public Information Requests
Public Pension
Traditional Finances Summary
Transportation Bond Projects
Contact Us
County Judge Tim O’Hare
Commissioner Precinct 1 - Roderick Miles Jr
Commissioner Precinct 2 - Alisa Simmons
Commissioner Precinct 3 - Matt Krause
Commissioner Precinct 4 - Manny Ramirez
Elected County Officials
County Directory
County Locations
Courts
Departments
Transparency Stars
Traditional Finances
Economic Development
Contracts and Procurement
Open Government and Compliance
Debt Obligations
Public Pension
Toggle sub navigation
Elections
Current Election Information
Register to Vote
Military and Overseas Voting
Voting by Mail
Past Election Information
FAQ
Poll Workers
Military and Overseas Voting by Mail (Absentee Ballot)
U.S. citizens residing outside the United States, along with members of the Uniformed Services and their family members, are eligible to use the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) form to request a ballot by mail. The FPCA also serves as an application for voter registration for eligible citizens not currently registered to vote. Please review the requirements and information for requesting a ballot via the FPCA form.
If you are not an active duty Uniformed Service members, spouse or dependent of Uniformed Service Members or a U.S. citizen residing outside the United States
view voting by mail Information for Texas residences.
Review the FPCA information provided on the
Texas Secretary of State FPCA Website
Texas Residency
Having a permanent residence address in Tarrant County is a prerequisite to requesting ballots from Tarrant County. Residence is defined in Section 1.015 of the Texas Election Code as the voter’s permanent home to which he or she intends to return after any temporary absence. This definition implies that you must have lived at the location at one time and intend to return, so generally you cannot list a location where you have never been physically present.
U.S. citizens whose most recent domicile was in Tarrant County, but whose intent to return is uncertain may vote a federal ballot only. Voters in this category must indicate in the “Remarks” area of the FPCA that they are applying for a federal ballot only.
How to Obtain the FPCA Form?
Postage-paid FPCA forms are available from U.S. embassies, consulates, and from the Voting Assistance Officer (VAO) at each military installation. An interactive online FPCA application is also available through the Federal Voting Assistance Program:
FVAP - Texas Voter Assistance Guide for completing the FPCA
It is strongly recommended that FPCA applicants provide an e-mail address, telephone number, and/or fax number (if available) in the appropriate sections of the FPCA so that we can quickly contact you if your application is missing required information.
An FPCA form in PDF format that you can download, print, and complete by-hand is also available from the website of the Federal Voting Assistance Program:
Blank FPCA Form
Newer versions of web browsers will require the use "Adobe Reader" to properly use this form,   Free download of
Adobe Reader
.  Tarrant County is not responsible for applications downloaded to your computer.  Please contact your technical support for assistance.  Tarrant County does not provide technical support.
Dates for submitting the Completed FPCA
In order to receive a full ballot, the FPCA application must be received by the Elections Department no later than the 11th day before election day AND the applicant is already registered to vote in Tarrant County.
An FPCA applicant will receive a federal ballot ONLY if the FPCA is submitted after the 20th day before election day and the person is NOT already registered to vote in Tarrant County.
Receiving your Ballot?
If your completed FPCA is timely received, your ballot will be sent to you by mail (or email if indicated on your completed FPCA). Texas law does not allow you to receive the blank ballot by fax.
Submitting the Completed FPCA Form?
A completed and signed FPCA form must be submitted to the Elections Department by mail, common contract carrier, by fax, or as a scanned email attachment.
If an FPCA is faxed, the original must be mailed in to the Early Voting Clerk and received no later than four business days after the faxed FPCA was received. This rule does not apply to an emailed FPCA.
The FPCA includes pre-paid postage within the United States, additional postage may be required when mailing from outside of the U.S. Voters who send the completed FPCA by mail may use this
postage-paid envelope
.
Please return your FPCA to:
Mailing Address: Tarrant County Elections
PO Box 961011
Fort Worth, Texas 76161-0011
Express/Courier Delivery: Tarrant County Elections
2700 Premier St.
Fort Worth, Texas 76111-3011
Fax: 817-850-2344
Email:
votebymail@tarrantcountytx.gov
Phone Number: 817-831-8683
TDD: 817-759-7801
Hours of Business: Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Receiving your Ballot?
If your completed FPCA is timely received, your ballot will be sent to you by mail (or email if indicated on your completed FPCA). Texas law does not allow you to receive the blank ballot by fax.
Your voted ballot must be returned by mail or by common or contract carrier (certain exceptions apply – see “Faxing your ballot” below).
Military voters and their dependents who have requested their ballot using the FPCA form, domestic or overseas, have until the sixth business day following Election Day to return their ballot and have it counted. Overseas non-military U.S. citizens have until the fifth business day following Election Day to return their ballot and have it counted
and
the ballot envelope must be postmarked by 7 p.m. on Election Day.
Official election ballot envelopes that bear postage-paid markings can also be returned via U.S. diplomatic pouch free of charge. You will need to submit your ballot in person to the closest U.S. embassy or consulate, but you may be required to schedule an appointment at the embassy or consulate in advance. Please check the
State Department's website
for specific instructions and hours of availability in your country.
Please return your voted ballot to:
Mailing Address: Tarrant County Elections
PO Box 961011
Fort Worth
, Texas 76161-0011
Express/Courier Delivery: Tarrant County Elections
2700 Premier St.
Fort Worth, Texas 76111-3011
Faxing your Voted Ballot?
In certain circumstances, some military voters and their family members are eligible to return their voted ballots by fax. Texas law provides for the electronic transmission of a mail ballot by a military voter and his or her spouse and dependents IF the ballot is cast from an area in which the voter is eligible to receive hostile fire pay or imminent danger pay or a location that has been designated by the President of the United States as a combat zone. Please note that an electronically transmitted ballot submitted under these circumstances supersedes any other ballot submitted to Tarrant County.
If you are eligible to take advantage of this procedure, it is recommended that you fax your ballot through the Federal Voting Assistance Program’s clearinghouse using the fax cover sheet at the link below.
FPCA Ballot Coversheet
Federal Write-In Ballot (FWAB)?
A write-in ballot is available under very specific circumstances for members of the Uniformed Services and their family members; and U.S. citizens residing outside the United States. The Federal write-in ballot (FWAB) may be used in any general, special, primary or runoff election for Federal office ONLY if
ALL
of the following circumstances apply:
You must be voting from outside the United States OR a Uniformed Services voter, spouse or dependent,
You must have applied for a regular ballot using the FPCA form so that the request is received by Tarrant County at least eleven days before the election AND
You have not yet received the regular ballot.
In summary, the FWAB is valid only when a regular ballot has already been requested in a timely manner, and it has not yet been received.
An interactive FWAB is available from the Federal Voting Assistance Program website:
FWAB Interactive Form
The FWAB form in PDF format that you can download, print and complete by-hand is also available from the Federal Voting Assistance Program’s website:
Blank FWAB Form
Tracking your Voted Ballot?
The federal Military and Overseas Voters Empowerment Act (MOVE) created new requirements for states to provide FPCA voters a method to track the status of their ballot in federal elections. The Texas Secretary of State's Office provides a
ballot tracking website
.
Cancel a previously submitted FPCA?
Voters who have previously submitted a Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) but have returned to Tarrant County and no longer wish to receive ballots mailed to their military or overseas address should complete the
FPCA Cancellation Form
.
Still have Questions?
Please contact our Early Voting Division at 817-831-6161 or contact us by email at
votebymail@tarrantcountytx.gov
This page was last modified on September 01, 2026
TARRANT COUNTY, TEXAS
County Telephone Operator
817-884-1111
Tarrant County provides the information contained in this website as a public service. Every effort is made to ensure that information provided is correct. However, in any case where legal reliance on information contained in these pages is required, the official records of Tarrant County should be consulted. Tarrant County is not responsible for the content of, nor endorses any site which has a link from the Tarrant County website.
100 E. Weatherford St., Fort Worth, Texas 76196
Copyright 2001-2026 Tarrant County, TX
