Ballot by Mail, Absentee, Military, and Overseas Voters | Hays County, TX
This website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility. To open the AudioEye Toolbar, press "shift + =". Some assistive technologies may require the use of a passthrough function before this keystroke. For more information, activate the button labeled "Explore your accessibility options".
Loading
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Public Offices
Departments
Services
How Do I...
Search
Additional Elections Resources
Ballot by Mail, Absentee, Military, and Overseas Voters
Campaign Financial Reports
Archived Candidate Financial Reports
Archived Officeholder Financial Reports
Current Elections
November 3, 2026 General Election
Disability Rights Texas: Voter Accommodation Request Tool
Election Results Archive
External Links
Honor a Veteran in Hays County
Local Officeholders
Federal, State, & County Elected Officials
Poll Worker Resources
Precinct Data & Maps
Public Notices
Recursos (Información en Español)
Student Internship Program: Hays County Elections
Volunteer Deputy Registrar (VDR) Program
Voter Registration
Home
Public Offices
Elections
Ballot by Mail, Absentee, Military, and Overseas Voters
Ballot by Mail, Absentee, Military, and Overseas Voters
Ballot by Mail Timeline
You may submit an application for ballot by mail throughout the calendar year, beginning January 1. The last day to submit an application for ballot by mail is 9 days (11 days if Election Day is a Tuesday) before Election Day. Election Day marked ballots by mail must be returned by 7 pm unless mailed from outside the United States. Overseas ballots have an additional 6 days past Election Day to arrive and be considered timely.
Eligibility
All currently registered voters of Hays County are eligible to request and receive a ballot by mail if any of the following criteria apply to the voter:
65 years of age or older;
Disability;
Expected to give birth within 3 weeks before or after Election Day;
Expected absence from the county during both the early voting period and on election day. The ballot must be mailed to an address outside the county.
Confinement in jail or involuntary civil commitment.
Submitting the Ballot by Mail Application
In person: The applicant may submit his or her own application in person to the Early Voting Clerk until the early voting period begins. However, after the early voting period begins for an election, the applicant may submit their application only via mail or common contract carrier (not in person).
By mail: You may mail your application via the U.S. Postal Service.
Hays County Elections
120 Stagecoach Trail
San Marcos, TX 78666-5268
By common contract carrier: You may submit via a common or contract carrier which is a bona fide, for profit carrier (UPS, FedEx, DHL, etc.).
The request must include the address at which you are registered to vote, one of the above conditions for requesting a ballot, the address where you want the ballot to be mailed, and your signature. If the ballot is not to be mailed outside the county and not to the address at which you are registered, you must provide an explanation as to the nature of the address (e.g. nursing home, hospital, etc.).
Special conditions are available for persons who become hospitalized or suffer a death in the family after the close of the regular application deadline. Specific guidelines must be met to be eligible for an emergency ballot. Please contact our office for further information.
Military & Overseas Voters
The Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA) provides the means for overseas citizens and members of the U.S. military stationed outside their county of registration to request an absentee ballot via the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA). FPCAs are available from U.S. embassies, consulates, and the voting assistance officer at each military installation. An online version of the FPCA is available from the
Federal Voting Assistance Program
. The Elections Office can also provide the application via email or regular mail upon request.
The Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) is a form provided by federal law to permit members of the U.S. Armed Forces and Merchant Marine, their dependents, and U.S. citizens abroad to vote early by mail and, if necessary, register to vote. You must have a valid FPCA on file in order to submit a Federal Write-in Absentee Ballot (FWAB). The
FWAB cannot be accepted without first having submitted an FPCA
to the Elections Office!
Eligibility Requirements
A member of the U.S. Armed Forces, a member's spouse, or a dependent;
A member of the U.S. Merchant Marine, a member's spouse, or a dependent;
A U.S. citizen domiciled in Texas but temporarily living outside the territorial limits of the United States.
U.S. Embassy and Consulate E-Mail Address List [PDF]
Related Documents
Ballot by Mail Application (PDF)
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) (ZIP)
US Embassy and Consulate E-mail Addresses
PDF
Quick Links
Learn about USPS Informed Delivery
Federal Voting Assistance Program (Texas)
Overseas Vote Foundation Web Site
Vote Texas Military and Overseas Voters
UOCAVA Voter Materials for the 20261103 General Election
View All Quick Links
Quick Links
/QuickLinks.aspx
Commissioners Court Agenda
Elections
Public Notices
Financial Transparency
Taxes
Jobs
Contact Us
Hays County, Texas
Main County Mailbox
712 South Stagecoach Trail
San Marcos, TX 78666
Main Number:
512-393-7779
Hays County website feedback
﻿For Employees
Quick Links
Open Records
Burn Ban Information
/QuickLinks.aspx
Helpful Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
Explore your accessibility options
