Military and Overseas Voters - Bastrop County, TX Elections
Skip to main content
Sitemap
Bastrop County, Texas
Kristin Miles, Elections Administrator
Menu
Main Menu
Resources
Contact Us
Press Releases & Legal Notices
Voting System Security and Testing
Helpful Links
FAQs
Sitemap
Voter Information
Verify My Registration
Voter Registration Information
Acceptable Forms of Identification
Voters with Special Needs
Military and Overseas Voters
Information for First Time Voters
Volunteer Deputy Registrars
Precinct Lookup by Address
Request for Voter Registration-Election Information
Election Information
Current and Upcoming Elections
Early Voting Information
Election Day Information
Offices Up for Election
Election Workers
Poll Watchers
Voting Precinct Maps
Election Results
Candidates/Office Holders
Information for Candidates and Office Holders
Elected Officials Listing
Campaign Finance Reports
Home
Search
Current and Upcoming Elections
Request a Mail Ballot
Am I Registered?
Mail Ballot Status
Election Night Reporting
Military and Overseas Voters
First and foremost, we would like to thank you, the military voters, for your service to our country. To all U.S. citizens overseas, thank you for your interest in your country’s elections while far away. (Federal voting law defines “overseas” as anywhere outside the United States. This includes Canada and Mexico.) Military and overseas voters are welcome to use the regular registration and early voting by mail process (also known as absentee voting) available to all voters away from their home county on Election Day. However, there are also special provisions for you.
The process is as easy as ABC:
A. (
Application
)
Fill out and file your FPCA (Federal Postcard Application) as soon as possible but no later than the 11th day before Election Day.
B. (
Ballot
)
Receive your ballot or use the FWAB (Federal Write-in Absentee Ballot).
C (
Casting and Counting
)
Cast your vote by returning your marked ballot by Election Day, or the 5th day after if voting from overseas.
TRACK THE PROGRESS OF YOUR FPCA AND BALLOT
A. Application
Who can use the Federal Postcard Application (FPCA)?
Active duty military, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) temporarily overseas* away from the home Texas county
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) permanently overseas* away from the (previous) home Texas county
Members of the merchant marine, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of the Texas National Guard, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of a National Guard of another state, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of the military reserves on active duty, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
* Federal law defines “overseas” as anywhere outside the United States.
If you are not one of these voters, you need the regular
early voting by mail
procedures.
What and where is the FPCA form?
Here are two resources for obtaining an automated FPCA form:
Federal Voting Assistance Program with the U.S. Department of Defense
Actual FPCA form
What does the FPCA form do?
Registers you onto the permanent voter rolls 30 days after receipt by the county (unless voter marks indefinitely away / do not intend to return)
Functions as an application for ballot by mail and gives you temporary registration status for certain offices
If voter marks indefinitely away (older form) / do not intend to return (newer form), voter receives federal ballot only
When is the FPCA deadline?
General rule: deadline is the 11th day before Election Day (earlier is recommended)
Here are the
deadlines
calculated for upcoming elections.
First day to file FPCA is January 1.
Note: An FPCA for a January or February election may be filed earlier, but not earlier than the 60th day before the date of the January or February election.
Where do you send the FPCA?
Hard copy by mail, common or contract carrier:
Bastrop County Elections Department
804 Pecan Street
Bastrop, TX 78602
Fax: 512-581-4260
E-mail: elections@co.bastrop.tx.us (scanned image of signed form)
B. Ballot
How do you receive the ballot from the clerk?
Authorized method the voter requested on the FPCA:
Hard copy by mail (default method if nothing else requested)
E-mail (unmarked ballot)
Common or contract carrier (if paid for by voter)
Unmarked ballots may
not
be faxed under Texas law, regardless of voter’s status.
Did the county or other election official send my ballot?
Track my ballot
C. Casting and Counting
How do you return the ballot to the Early Voting Clerk?
Hard copy by mail, or common or contract courier (like any other ballot by mail)
IF from military voter (or spouse or dependent) in hostile fire pay / imminent danger pay / combat zone, may be faxed using
authorized channels
.
When is the deadline for returning the ballot?
Regular deadline: receipt by 7:00 p.m. Election Day
Deadline for voters voting from overseas location: receipt by 5th day after Election Day
Deadline for the ballot to be
received
is the
6th day after Election Day
for:
Members of the armed forces of the United States, or the spouse or a dependent of a member of the armed forces;
Members of the merchant marines of the United States, or the spouse or a dependent of a member of the merchant marine;
Members of the Texas National Guard, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the Texas National Guard;
Members of the National Guard of another state, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the National Guard of another state;
Members of the military reserves on active duty, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the military reserves on active duty.
Did the county or other election official receive my marked ballot?
Track my ballot
SEARCH
Contact Us
Bastrop County Elections
804 Pecan St.
Bastrop, Texas 78602
512-581-7160
elections@co.bastrop.tx.us
Para Mas Información
¿Necesita información o ayuda en español? Por favor comuníquese con nuestra oficina al 512-581-7160.
Voter Stats
Registered Voters as of 10/05/2026
Total
65,098
Mark Your Calendar
County Holiday
Monday
,
October
12th
Early Voting
Monday
,
October
19th
Last Day to Receive Application for Ballot by Mail
Friday
,
October
23rd
Last day to receive FPCA application for Ballot by Mail
Friday
,
October
23rd
Election Day
Tuesday
,
November
3rd
County Holiday
Wednesday
,
November
11th
County Holiday
Thursday
,
November
26th
County Holiday
Friday
,
November
27th
County Holiday
Thursday
,
December
24th
County Holiday
Friday
,
December
25th
View More
Connect With Us
Sitemap
Helpful Links
FAQs
Contact Us
© 2026 •
Bastrop County, Texas
• Powered by
SOE Software
