Elections | Llano County Texas
Skip Navigation
Close
Thank You!
Your information has been submitted!
Your information has been submitted!
Image 1 of 1
Maximize image
Restore image
Home
Sitemap
Contact Us
Translate
Search
Llano County, Texas
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
About
County Calendar & Public Notices
2026 County Holidays
Hospital Authority Board
Historical Commission Board
Library System
Indigent Health Care Program
Adopt-A-County Road Program
Broadband Improvement Study
Local Health Authority
Pace Program
Government
County Judge
Commissioners Court
County Attorney
County Clerk
County Auditor
County Treasurer
County Tax Assessor/Collector
County Surveyor
Justice of the Peace
Constable
Sheriff
District Court
Departments
Elections
Human Resources
Tax Office & Vehicle Registration
Library System
Public Defenders
Adult Probation
Juvenile Probation
Emergency Management
Development Services & 9-1-1 Addressing
AgriLife Extension
Veteran Services
Public Notices & News
Public Notices
Burn Ban Information
County News & Resources
Commissioners Court Agendas & Minutes
Employment Opportunities
Resolutions & Proclamations
How Do I...
Register to Vote
Apply for a County Job
Renew Your Vehicle Registration
Submit a Public Information Request
Llano County Elections
Llano County Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Llano County - Home
Development Services & 911 Addressing
Elections & Voter Registration
Emergency Management
Human Resources & Job Opportunities
Library System
Public Information Requests
Sheriff's Office
Tax Office & Vehicle Registration
Veteran Services
Andrea Wilson, REO
Elections Administrator
Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 787
Llano, Texas 78643
Physical Address:
1447 E. St. Hwy 71, Ste A
Llano, Texas 78643
Phone:
325-247-5425
Staff:
Rachel Wimberley-Assistant Elections Administrator
Amanda Levens- Ballot By Mail Clerk
LaJuana Wimberley-Deputy Voter Registrar
Brenda Morrison-Records Clerk
Contact the Elections Office
▲
tab1
Name
required
Name is required
Phone Number
required
Phone Number is required
Email
required
Email is required
Invalid Email Format
How can we help?
required
How can we help? is required
reCAPTCHA is required
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Helpful Links:
▲
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Llano County Candidate Information
Llano County Campaign Finance Filings
Elections Archive
Secretary of State
Federal Voting Assistance Program
votetexas.gov
votetexas.gov EN ESPAÑOL
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
The information on this site is best viewed on a desktop computer.
VERIFY YOUR VOTER REGISTRATION
-
Click here if you would like to verify your voter registration.
VERIFIQUE SU REGISTRO DE VOTANTE-
haga clic aquí si desea verificar su registro de votante.
Your
Application for Ballot By Mail expires on
December 31st of EACH year
and you must reapply every year. You can call our office and request an application or print one by clicking
here.
Su Solicitud de Boleta Electoral por Correo vence el
31 de diciembre
de CADA año y debe volver a solicitarla cada año.
Puede llamar a nuestra oficina y solicitar una solicitud o imprimirla haciendo clic
aquí.
GENERAL ELECTION INFORMATION
FOR MORE SPECIFIC ELECTION INFORMATION SCROLL DOWN TO THE SPECIFIC ELECTION
Track Your Ballot:
Please note, these links will take you to state websites that allow you to track the status of your Ballot by Mail or FPCA Ballot as well as your FPCA and Application for Ballot by Mail.
Rastree su boleta electoral:
Tenga en cuenta que estos enlaces lo llevarán a sitios web estatales que le permiten rastrear el estado de su boleta electoral por correo o boleta de la FPCA, así como su FPCA y la solicitud de boleta por correo.
Ballot By Mail Tracking
FPCA Tracking
VOTERS WITH DISABILITIES
Pursuant to Section 63.0015, Election Code, an election officer shall give voting order priority to individuals with a mobility problem that substantially impairs the person's ability to move around. A person assisting an individual with a mobility problem may also, at the individual's request, be given voting order priority. Disabilities and conditions that may qualify you for voting order priority include paralysis, lung disease, the use of portable oxygen, cardiac deficiency, severe limitation in the ability to walk due to arthritic, neurological, or orthopedic condition, wheelchair confinement, arthritis, foot disorder, the inability to walk 200 feet without stopping to rest, or use of a brace, cane, crutch, or other assistive device.
Para ver esta información en español, haga clic a continuación:
NOTICE OF VOTING ORDER PRIORITY FOR VOTERS WITH CERTAIN DISABILITIES/ AVISO de PRIORIDAD de ORDEN de VOTACIÓN PARA VOTANTES CON CIERTAS DISCAPACIDADES
CURBSIDE VOTING
You can also vote curbside by calling 325-247-5425 (press 1 to speak with a representative). We will need to know the polling location you are at, as well as the color and make of your vehicle. We will then inform the election personnel at your polling location and they will be with you promptly.
November 3, 2026 General Election
▲
This section contains information regarding the
November 3, 2026 General Election.
We will be participating in the County Wide Polling Place Program on Election Day for the November General Election
PRINTABLE
SAMPLE BALLOT
-
This ballot shows all races that
could
be voted on in the county. At the local level, only voters who are in a specific precinct will vote on the races within that precinct.
Last Day to Register to Vote for this election is:
Monday, October 5, 2026
(El último día para registrarse para votar en estas elecciones es el jueves 5 de
octubre
de 2026)
Are you unsure if you are registered to vote?
Click here to find out!
Voter Registration
Application
Solicitud de registro de electores
All polling locations are ADA accessible and have ADA compliant equipment for voting.
If you need assistance you may bring an assistant of your choice OR you can request assistance from an election worker at check-in. All assistants could be required to complete an oath at check-in, depending on the sort of assistance required.
All polling locations have Curbside voting available to voters who are physically unable to enter the polling place without personal assistance or likelihood of injuring the voter's health.
EARLY VOTING HOURS ( ALL LOCATIONS) | Horario de Votación Temprana (todas las ubicaciones abajo)
Early voting will begin on Monday, October 19, 2026 through Friday, October 30, 2026
(La votación anticipada comenzará del lunes 19 de octubre de 2026 al viernes 30 de octubre de 2026.
)
Early Voting Hours for all locations:
Monday, October 19- Friday, October 23, 2026
:
8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Saturday, October 24, 2026
:
7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m
.
Sunday, October 25, 2026
:
10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Monday, October 26, 2026 to Friday, October 30, 2026
:
7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.
MAIN EARLY VOTING LOCATION:
Llano Public Library
-
102 E. Haynie, Llano, Texas 78643
click for directions using Google Maps
BRANCH EARLY VOTING LOCATIONS:
Kingsland Public Library
-
125 W. Polk, Kingsland, Tx 78639
click for directions using Google Maps
City of Horseshoe Bay Chamber Room
-
1 Community Dr. Horseshoe Bay, TX 78657
click for directions using Google Maps
ELECTION DAY INFORMATION | Sitios de votación el Día de Elección
Tuesday, November 3, 2026
(Martes, 3 de noviembre de 2026)
Polls will be open 7:00am until 7:00 pm at each location
(Las urnas estarán abiertas de 7:00 a.m. a 7:00 p.m. en cada lugar)
ELECTION DAY POLLING LOCATIONS | LUGARES DE VOTACIÓN EL DÍA DE LAS ELECCIONES
PLEASE NOTE:
All Llano County voters are eligible to vote at any election day location below.
Sunrise Beach City Civic Center Complex
124 Sunrise Beach, Sunrise Beach, TX 78643
click for directions using Google Maps
City of Horseshoe Bay Council Chambers
1 Community Dr., Horseshoe Bay, TX 78657
click for directions using Google Maps
East Llano County Annex
8347 RM 1431 West Buchanan Dam, TX 78609
click for directions using Google Maps
Lakeshore Branch Library
7346 Ranch Rd 261, Buchanan Dam, TX, 78609
click for directions using Google Maps
Kingsland Public Library
125 W. Polk, Kingsland, TX 78639
click for directions using Google Maps
Llano County Library
102 E. Haynie, Llano, TX 78643
click for directions using Google Maps
NEW LOCATION
- JP 4 Court Room at the Llano County Law Enforcement Center
752 Andy Taylor Drive, Courtroom, Llano, Texas 78643
click for directions using Google Maps
Questions? Please call the Llano County Elections Office: (325) 247-5425
IMPORTANT DATES | FECHAS IMPORTANTES
First day to apply for a Ballot by Mail-
Thursday, January 1, 2026
(Primer día para solicitar una boleta por correo: Jueves, 1 de enero de 2026)
Application for Ballot by Mail
shall be mailed to:
(
Las solicitudes para boletas que se votarán adelantada por correo deberán enviarse a:
)
Andrea Wilson, Early Voting Clerk
(Nombre del Secretario/a de la Votación Adelantada)
,
PO Box 787, Llano, Texas 78643
(Dirección)
325-247-5425
(Número de teléfono),
elections@co.llano.tx.us
(Dirección de Correo Electrónico)
Application for Ballot by Mail
- English
Solicitud de Bolet
a por Correo
-
Español
Last day to
apply for a Ballot by Mail
–
Friday, October 23, 2026
(must be received by this day, NOT postmarked)
Las solicitudes para boletas que se votarán adelantada por correo deberán recibirse no más tardar de las horas de negocio el
Viernes, 23 de octubre de 2026)
Last day to
apply for FPCA
–
Friday, October 23, 2026
(must be received by this day, NOT postmarked)
(La Tarjeta Federal Postal de Solicitud deberán recibirse no más tardar de las horas de negocio el
Viernes, 23 de octubre de 2026
)
ORDERS AND NOTICES | PEDIDOS Y AVISOS
Notice of Election Board Meeting
Order of Election- Llano County
Notice of Election- Llano County
Order of Election- Deerhaven Water District
Notice of Election Worker Training
Notice of Logics and Accuracy Test
updated-9/3/2026
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
2026 "I Voted" Sticker Contest
▲
Download the "I Voted" Sticker Contest package here
"I Voted" Sticker Contest
2026 Finalists
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
County Wide Polling Place Program
▲
The County is submitted an application to participate in the County Wide Polling Place Program for the November 2026 General Election on May 20, 2026- If approved, the voters of Llano County will be able to vote at any polling location in the county on Election Day.
Once our application is approved, Notice will be posted here.
On April 14, 2026, Llano County Commissioner's Court held a public meeting to consider submitting an application to participate in the County Wide Polling Place Program.
Members of the community were provided an opportunity to speak regarding their support or decent of the county's participation in the program. All speakers spoke in favor of the use of Vote Centers in the November 3, 2026 General Election.
Commissioner's then voted on the agenda item to accept for use the Vote Center Advisory Committee recommendations for the locations to be used during the November 3, 2026 Election.
Recommended and Approved Election Day Voting Locations:
Commissioners Precinct 1-
Sunrise Beach City Civic Center Complex
124 Sunrise Beach, Sunrise Beach, TX 78643
City of Horseshoe Bay Council Chambers
1 Community Dr., Horseshoe Bay, TX 78657
Commissioners Precinct 2-
East Llano County Annex
8347 RR 1431 West Buchanan Dam, TX 78609"
Lakeshore Branch Library
7346 RR 261, Buchanan Dam, TX  78609
Commissioners Precinct 3
-
Kingsland Public Library
125 W. Polk, Kingsland, TX 78639
Commissioners Precinct 4-
Llano County Library
102 E. Haynie, Llano, TX 78643
JP 4 Court Room at the Llano County Law Enforcement Center
752 Andy Taylor Drive, Courtroom, Llano, Texas 78643
The last Agenda item was to approve a resolution supporting inclusion in the Texas County Wide Polling Place Program.
Commissioner's voted unanimously in support of both Agenda items.
What does this mean for you?
Simply put, under the County Wide Polling Place program, you will be able to go to any polling location in Llano County to cast your ballot on Election Day.  Commissioner's voted to use the above 7 election day polling locations for Llano County's registered voters to cast their ballot.  You do not have to use your commissioner's precinct to cast your vote, or your election precinct location to cast your ballot, you can vote at any one of those 7 locations on election day for the November 2026 General Election.
After the election we will hold another public meeting to receive feedback on your experience with the County Wide Polling Place Program. At that time, Commissioner's Court will vote to decide if the County would like to remain in the program and apply for "successful status" from the Secretary of States office.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
2026 Election Schedule
▲
November 3, 2026 General Election
Thursday, January 1, 2026*:
First Day to Apply for Ballot by Mail
*First day to file does not move because of New Year’s Day holiday. An “Annual ABBM” or FPCA for a January or February 2026 election may be filed earlier, but not earlier than the 60th day before the date of the January or February election.First day to apply for a ballot by mail using Application for a Ballot by Mail (ABBM) or Federal Postcard Application (FPCA)
Thursday, June 18, 2026:
for local political subdivisions that have a first day to file for their candidates
Deadline to Post Notice of Candidate Filing Deadline (Local Non-County Political Subdivisions Only)
Friday, July 17, 2026:
Last Day for Candidates Planning to File for a Place on the General Election Ballot (Local Non-County Political Subdivisions Only) to Register to Vote or Update Voter Registration
Saturday, July 18, 2026:
First Day to File for a Place on the General Election Ballot (Local Non-County Political Subdivisions Only)
Monday, July 20, 2026:
First Day to File a Declaration of Write-in Candidacy (General Election for State and County Officers)
Monday, August 17, 2026:
Last Day to Order General Election or Special Election on a Measure
Monday, August 17, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. :
Last Day to File for a Place on the General Election Ballot (Local Non-County Political Subdivisions Only)
Monday, August 17, 2026:
Last Day to File a Declaration of Write-in Candidacy (General Election for State and County Officers)
Friday, August 21, 2026:
Last Day to File a Declaration of Write-in Candidacy (Local Non-County Political Subdivisions Only)
Monday, October 5, 2026:
Last Day to Register to Vote
Monday, October 19, 2026:
First Day of Early Voting by Personal Appearance
Friday, October 23, 2026:
Last Day to Apply for Ballot by Mail (Received, not Postmarked)
Friday, October 30, 2026:
Last Day of Early Voting by Personal Appearance
Tuesday, November 3, 2026:
Last day to Receive Ballot by Mail (Election Day)
at 7:00 p.m. if carrier envelope is not postmarked, OR Wednesday, November 4, 2026 (next business day after Election Day) at 5:00 p.m. if carrier envelope is postmarked by 7:00 p.m. at the location of the election on Election Day (unless overseas or military voter deadlines apply)
updated-6/4/2026
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
VOTER INFORMATION
Voter Registration Information
▲
You are eligible to register to vote if:
•
You are a United States citizen;
• You are a resident of the county where you submit the application;
•
You are at least 17 years and 10 months old, and you are 18 years of age on Election Day.
• You are not a convicted felon (you may be eligible to vote if you have completed your sentence, probation, and parole); and
•
You have not been declared by a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be either totally mentally incapacitated or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote.
Usted es elegible para registrarse para votar si:
• Usted es ciudadano de los Estados Unidos;
• Usted es residente del condado donde envía la solicitud;
• Usted tiene al menos 17 años y 10 meses de edad, y tiene 18 años de edad el día de la elección.
• Usted no es un delincuente condenado (puede ser elegible para votar si ha completado su sentencia, libertad condicional y libertad condicional); y
• Usted no ha sido declarado por un tribunal que ejerce la jurisdicción de sucesión como totalmente mentalmente incap
Applications can be picked up at any of the following locations:
Las solicitudes se pueden recoger en cualquiera de los siguientes lugares:
• County Libraries
• Kingsland Library – 125 W. Polk Street, Kingsland, TX 78639
• Lakeshore Library – 7346 RR 261, Buchanan Dam, TX 78609
• Llano Library- 102 E. Haynie Street, Llano, TX 78643
•
County Justice of the Peace Offices
• JP 1 – 101 Ferguson Road, Horseshoe Bay, TX 78657
• JP 2 – 8347 RR 1431, Buchanan Dam, TX 78609
• JP 3 – 8347 RR 1431, Buchanan Dam, TX 78609
• JP 4 – 2001-B N. St. Hwy. 16, Llano, TX 78643
• Llano County Elections Office – 1447 E. St. Hwy 71, Ste. A, Llano, TX 78643
What is Suspense and why am I suspended?
If a county has reason to believe a voter no longer lives at the address on file — most often because the voter’s registration certificate, a jury summons, or other county mail came back from the Postal Service as undeliverable — the registrar must send a written confirmation notice, and the voter is placed on the suspense list. Suspense means the county needs to confirm an address. It does not mean the registration was suspended, cancelled, or removed.
A voter on suspense who has not moved, or who has moved within the same county, may vote after completing a Statement of Residence at the polling place or with a mail ballot. Voters in counties that do not use countywide polling places may be directed to their assigned precinct to do so.
A voter who has moved to a different county and did not re-register in time may be eligible to vote a limited ballot — available only during early voting, at the county’s main early voting site.
The cleanest fix is to update the record: submit a voter registration application with the current address, or update online with a Texas driver license or state ID, before the registration deadline.
A registration is not cancelled for non-response alone until the voter has remained on suspense through two consecutive federal general elections without responding or voting.
You can use the
VoteTexas.gov
website to check your voter registration or call our office at 325-247-5425.
Am I registered to vote?
|
¿Estoy registrado para votar?
Voter Registration
Application
|
Solicitud de registro de electores
Fill out a Voter Registration Application using this link, print, sign, and mail to the Llano County Elections Office
Complete una Solicitud de Registro de Votantes usando este enlace, imprima, firme y envíe por correo a la Oficina de Elecciones del Condado de Llano
Llano County Elections
PO BOX 787
Llano, Texas 78643
Voter Registration Cancellation
If you would like to cancel your voter registration please fill out the above form and mail it to our PO Box address above or contact our office at 325-247-5425 and we will assist you with the process.
Requests for Voter Registration lists and other public information requests
must be submitted through the Llano County Public Information portal at:
https://www.co.llano.tx.us/page/LLano.PublicInformation
and
accompanied with the
Voter Registration List Affidavit
.
The
Voter Registration List Affidavit
is in ADDITION TO the Public Information Records Request form the portal requires.
PLEASE BE ADVISED § 18.067. Unlawful Use of Voter Registration File Information
(a) A person commits an offense if the person uses information in connection with advertising or promoting commercial products or services that the person knows was obtained under Section 18.066.
(b) An offense under this section is a Class A misdemeanor.  Acts 1985, 69th Leg., ch. 211, § 1, eff. Jan. 1, 1986.  Amended by Acts 1997, 75th Leg., ch. 864, § 13, eff. Sept. 1, 1997.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Voter Information
▲
If you are looking for election specific information please find the tab with the election you are interested in.
Voter ID Requirements for Texas Voters
Click Button for more Information
ID Poster - English
ID Poster -
Español
VOTERS WITH DISABILITIES
Pursuant to Section 63.0015, Election Code, an election officer shall give voting order priority to individuals with a mobility problem that substantially impairs the person's ability to move around. A person assisting an individual with a mobility problem may also, at the individual's request, be given voting order priority. Disabilities and conditions that may qualify you for voting order priority include paralysis, lung disease, the use of portable oxygen, cardiac deficiency, severe limitation in the ability to walk due to arthritic, neurological, or orthopedic condition, wheelchair confinement, arthritis, foot disorder, the inability to walk 200 feet without stopping to rest, or use of a brace, cane, crutch, or other assistive device.
NOTICE OF VOTING ORDER PRIORITY FOR VOTERS WITH CERTAIN DISABILITIES/ AVISO de PRIORIDAD de ORDEN de VOTACIÓN PARA VOTANTES CON CIERTAS DISCAPACIDADES
CURBSIDE VOTING
You can also vote curbside by calling 325-248-7943. We will need to know the polling location you are at, as well as the color and make of your vehicle. We will then inform the election personnel at your polling location and they will be with you promptly.
STUDENT VOTERS
Are you a student away at college but registered to vote here in your home county?
You may be eligible to vote an absentee ballot. Fill out an Application for Ballot by Mail and mail it to our office before the last day to apply. Please remember, the last day to apply means the last day for our office to receive it.
Application for Ballot by Mail
- English
Solicitud de Bolet
a por Correo
-
Español
EQUIPMENT
Llano County uses the Hart Verity Duo. It was unanimously adopted for use by Commissioners Court on August 26, 2019.
The equipment is manufactured in Pflugerville, Texas and sold nationwide.  This is a hybrid system that combines an electronic ballot marking device with a voter verifiable paper trail (VVPT).  Voters will vote on an electronic device and receive a hard copy ballot with their selections listed for their review.  Once voters are satisfied their selections are correct, the voter will scan the ballot which records their vote.  This hard copy ballot will be available to elections workers if a recount is required, making this system of voting fully auditable.
For more information, please call us at 325-247-5425.
Instructions for using
Hart Verity Duo
Voter Confidentiality Program
Confidentiality Guide for Voters
Confidentiality Form- Victim
Confidentiality Form- Peace Officer
Confidentiality Form- Judicial and Peace Officer spouse
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Vote By Mail (ABBM)/ Military & Overseas Voters (FPCA)
▲
*IMPORTANT NOTE*-  USPS recently reported that they are not always postmarking mail on the day it is received. The Postmark on your ballot can determine whether or not we can legally accept your ballot. If you are mailing your ballot close to election day, please be sure to enter the post office and have them manually postmark your ballot to ensure it accurately reflects the day your put your ballot into the mail. This is only necessary IF you are mailing close to election day or on election day.
Vote by Mail (Application for Ballot by Mail): First day to file for Absentee Ballot or FPCA is January 1.
November 3, 2026 Election Deadlines:
Last day to
apply for a Ballot by Mail
–
Friday, October 23, 2026
(must be received by this day, NOT postmarked)
Las solicitudes para boletas que se votarán adelantada por correo deberán recibirse no más tardar de las horas de negocio el
Viernes, 23 de octubre de 2026
Last day to
apply for FPCA
–
Friday, October 23, 2026
(must be received by this day, NOT postmarked)
La Tarjeta Federal Postal de Solicitud deberán recibirse no más tardar de las horas de negocio el Viernes, 23 de octubre de 2026
Track Your Ballot:
Please note, these links will take you to state websites that allow you to track the status of your Ballot by Mail or FPCA Ballot as well as your FPCA and Application for Ballot by Mail.
Rastree su boleta electoral:
Tenga en cuenta que estos enlaces lo llevarán a sitios web estatales que le permiten rastrear el estado de su boleta electoral por correo o boleta de la FPCA, así como su FPCA y la solicitud de boleta por correo.
Ballot By Mail Tracking
FPCA Tracking
If you are unsure if your application for ballot by mail has been received and accepted by our office, please visit
votetexas.gov
. Under
Track My Ballot
you can verify your application status.
Application for a Ballot by Mail (ABBM):
If you are voting early because of an expected absence, you may apply in person for a ballot by mail before the early “voting in person” period begins (usually the 17th day before the election). If you are voting by mail because you are disabled or are 65 years of age or older, you may use a single application to request ballots by mail for all county elections in the calendar year. To do so, simply mark “Annual Application” on your application for a ballot by mail when selecting the election for which you are applying.
If you are voting in a political party’s primary election, you MUST check which party’s primary you are voting in to receive the correct primary ballot.
Click Here for an
Application for Ballot by Mail
–
Once you have completed the form, please mail it to:
Llano County Elections Office
P.O. Box 787
Llano, Texas 78643
Application for Ballot by Mail
- English
Solicitud de Bolet
a por Correo
-
Español
UOCAVA/FPCA Voters:
Texas Specific Information can be found here:
FVAP/FWAB
You are eligible to vote early with a FPCA if you are qualified to vote in Texas and you are:
Active duty military, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) temporarily overseas* away from the home Texas county
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) permanently overseas* away from the (previous) home Texas county
Members of the merchant marine, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of the Texas National Guard, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of a National Guard of another state, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of the military reserves on active duty, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Federal law defines “overseas” as anywhere outside the United States.
If you are not one of these voters, you need the
regular early voting by mail procedures
.
What does the FPCA form do?
Registers you onto the permanent voter rolls 30 days after receipt by the county (unless voter marks indefinitely away / do not intend to return)
Functions as an application for ballot by mail and gives you temporary registration status for certain offices
If voter marks indefinitely away (older form) / do not intend to return (newer form), voter receives federal ballot only
When is the FPCA deadline?
General rule: deadline is the 11th day before Election Day (earlier is recommended)
Click here to print and fill out the FPCA application
- Once you have completed the form, please mail it to:
Llano County Elections Office
P.O. Box 787
Llano, Texas 78643
Military and overseas voters are welcome to use the regular registration and early voting by mail process available to all voters away from their home county on Election Day. However, there are also
special provisions for military and overseas voters
.
updated-9/1/2026
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Llano County Maps
▲
Interactive Maps
Llano County Web Map
Public Utility Commission of Texas
For Deerhaven Search 13180 in the search bar
TCEQ Map
- KMUD GIS map held by TCEQ
Printable Llano County Maps
City Maps
2022 Primary Precincts
- Buchanan Dam, Buchanan Lake Village, Kingsland and Tow
2022 Consolidated Primary Precincts Map
Independent School District Maps
Precinct 101
Precinct 102
Precinct 108
Precinct 109
Precinct 203
Precinct 204
Precinct 205
Precinct 307
Precinct 410
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
EMPLOYMENT AND VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES
Election Workers
▲
How do I become a Poll Worker?
We are excited that you are interested in serving as a poll worker. This position is vital to the elections process. Without those willing to serve, elections would grind to a halt. If you are interested in working at an election site please print and complete the application at the link below and submit to the Llano County Election Administrator’s office.
We are always actively recruiting poll workers and keep a list of those interested in serving.
You may also directly contact one of the major political parties, a local political subdivision, or a precinct presiding judge.
Election Worker Application (FILLABLE)
HR PAPERWORK REQUIRED
ATTENTION:
IF YOU HAVE NEVER WORKED FOR THE COUNTY BEFORE,
PRIOR
TO ATTENDING TRAINING, COUNTY HR
MUST
HAVE YOUR EMPLOYEE PAPERWORK
Below there are 2 links to the required paperwork.  HR must have both your Employee paperwork and a current W-4.
Employee Paperwork
W-4 2025
Your W4 paperwork
MUST
have your SSN
Eligibility Requirements
Under Texas law, you are eligible to be appointed as an election worker if you are:
A U.S. Citizen
A qualified voter in the jurisdiction in which the election is being conducted (County or municipality)
To get the process started, you can either attend a local in-person poll worker training class or take the
Texas’ Online Poll Worker Training
program.
You cannot be a Judge or Clerk if:
You hold an elected office. (Precinct Chair is not considered as an elected office.)
You are a candidate for office in that election.
You are a campaign treasurer of a candidate in that election
You are a campaign manager of a candidate in that election.
You are an employee or relative of an opposed candidate in that election
All poll workers must be trained PRIOR to working the polls
Your options for training are our in-person workshops held prior to each election, or the Texas Online Poll Worker Training.
Your precinct presiding Judge is statutorily required to inform you of the upcoming in-person training schedule. However, this training is open to the public, free and anyone is welcome to attend.
TRAINING SCHEDULE
IN-PERSON LOCAL ELECTION WORKER TRAINING
- November 3, 2026 LOCAL ELECTION TRAINING INFORMATION
Election Worker Training for the November 3, 2026 Local Election will be held
October 7th at 1:00 p.m. and 8th, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. and 1:30 p.m.
at the Llano County East Annex at
8347 West RM 1431, Buchanan Dam, Texas 78609
.
PAPERWORK WORKSHOP
We will also hold an optional in-depth paperwork workshop on (date
TBD) at the Election Administration Office
- In this workshop we will go over the paperwork used at polling locations and how to fill them out properly. This is an all day event, bring a lunch. Please call 325-247-5425 to reserve your spot.
Flexible Option: Online Poll Worker Training Program-
If you cannot attend in person, you
must
submit a certificate that you completed the Texas Secretary of States online poll worker training to our office.  Llano County uses the Hart system and if prompted to select training by equipment you must select the option for Hart.
This web-based curriculum mirrors the
Handbook for Election Judges and Clerks (PDF)
and will train poll workers about polling place procedures. In addition to the information found in the handbook, there are test questions, real life case studies/exercises to resolve and other features such as voting equipment videos or instructions specific to your county. The online training is available free of charge, 24/7, for all poll workers. They can take the training anytime and anywhere they have Internet access.
With the online course, Poll Workers can use their computer or mobile device, skip around from lesson to lesson, start, stop and come back to where they left off, and utilize the progress bar showing their advancements through the course.
Poll Workers must self-register into the system by signing up for the course. To sign-up, they must select and enter a:
County Location or “City-School-Other Political Subdivisions”
First and Last Name
Email Address
Username
Password
Once registered, you will be prompted to login using your newly created user name and password, and will have immediate access to the training.
If you do not have an email address, you can create one using one of the free providers.
Texas’ Online Poll Worker Training
Important Note
If you have ever been registered as an Administrator or a Student in the past, your old login name and password will no longer work. On this site, administrator rights are reserved for the Texas Secretary of State and our office cannot assist with access to your account.
Should you have any questions about the Online Poll Worker Training, please email
PollWorkerTraining@sos.texas.gov
or call toll free at 1-800-252-8683.
updated 8/24/2026
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Volunteer Deputy Voter Registrars
▲
Welcome!
We at the Llano County Elections Office are excited that you are interested in becoming a participant in our Volunteer Deputy Registrar Program. Volunteering to serve and assist in registering eligible citizens to vote is easy, and it has become even easier as Llano County now offers ONLINE training to become a Volunteer Deputy Registrar.
¡Bienvenido! Nosotros en la Oficina de Elecciones del Condado de Llano estamos muy contentos de que usted está interesado en convertirse en un participante en nuestro Programa de Registradores Voluntarios Adjuntos. Ser voluntario para servir y ayudar en el registro de ciudadanos elegibles para votar es fácil, y se ha vuelto aún más fácil ya que el Condado de Llano ahora ofrece capacitación EN LÍNEA para convertirse en un subregistrador voluntario.
QUALIFICATIONS
A Volunteer Deputy Registrar must meet the following qualifications:
Un Registrador Adjunto Voluntario debe cumplir con los siguientes requisitos:
be at least 18 years of age;
tener al menos 18 años de edad;
be a United States citizen;
ser ciudadano de los Estados Unidos;
a resident of the State of Texas;
ser residente del estado de Texas;
not have been determined by a final judgment of a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be
no haber sido determinado por una sentencia final de un tribunal que ejerza jurisdicción testamentaria como
(1) totally mentally incapacitated or
(1) totalmente incapacitado mentalmente o
(2) partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote;
(2) parcialmente incapacitado mentalmente sin derecho a voto;
never have been convicted of failing to deliver a voter’s application to a voter registrar;
nunca haber sido condenado por no entregar una solicitud de elector a un registrador de votantes;
not have been finally convicted of a felony, or if convicted, must have been
no haber sido finalmente condenado por un delito grave, o si es condenado, debe haber sido
(1) fully discharged from the sentence, including any term of incarceration parole, or supervision; or completed a period of probation ordered by any court, or
(1) completamente liberado de la sentencia, incluyendo cualquier término de libertad condicional de encarcelamiento, o supervisión; o completó un período de libertad condicional ordenado por cualquier corte, o
(2) been pardoned or otherwise released from the resulting disability to vote;
(2) fue indultado o liberado de otra manera de la discapacidad resultante para votar;
not have been finally convicted of identity theft under Section 32.51 of the Penal Code.
no haber sido condenado definitivamente por robo de identidad bajo la Sección 32.51 del Código Penal.
DUTIES
deberes y responsabilidades
A Volunteer Deputy Registrar may:
Un Subregistrador Voluntario puede:
distribute voter registration applications,
Distribuir las solicitudes de registro de votantes,
assist applicants in completing voter registration applications and
ayudar a los solicitantes a completar las solicitudes de registro de votantes y
accept completed voter registration applications from eligible applicants.
Aceptar las solicitudes de registro de votantes completadas de los solicitantes elegibles.
Volunteer Deputy Registrars must review for completeness each voter registration application submitted to them while the applicant is still in their presence. Incomplete applications must be returned to the applicant for completion.
Los Registradores Adjuntos Voluntarios deben revisar para su integridad cada solicitud de registro de votantes que se les presente mientras el solicitante todavía está en su presencia. Las solicitudes incompletas deben ser devueltas al solicitante para su finalización.
Volunteer Deputy Registrars must issue a receipt to each applicant who submits a voter registration application.
Los Registradores Adjuntos Voluntarios deben emitir un recibo a cada solicitante que presente una solicitud de registro de votante.
Volunteer Deputy Registrars must personally deliver completed voter registration applications that they accept to the Elections Department within five days of receipt, but not later than the day following the last day to register to vote in the next election.
Failure to timely return a voter registration application is a criminal offense and grounds for termination of the Volunteer Deputy Registrar appointment.
!!!!
Failure to deliver an application in a timely manner is a criminal offense !!!!
Los subregistradores voluntarios deben entregar personalmente las solicitudes de registro de votantes completadas que acepten al Departamento de Elecciones dentro de los cinco días posteriores a la recepción, pero no más tarde del día siguiente al último día para inscribirse para votar en la próxima elección. El hecho de que <br> no devuelva oportunamente una solicitud de registro de votantes es un delito penal y causa para la terminación del nombramiento de subsecretario voluntario.
¡¡¡¡No entregar una solicitud a tiempo es un delito!!!
Steps to take:
Fill out the
Application
Rellene la solicitud
Click here for the Texas Secretary of State’s approved training material (PDF)
Capaciatacion para Subregistradores voluntarios de Texas
Please give us a call at 325-247-5425 to RSVP to come take your exam.
Llámenos al 325-247-5425 para confirmar su asistencia y venir a tomar su examen.
Take your exam at: (Don’t worry, it’s open book)
Haz tu examen en: (No te preocupes, es libro abierto)
Llano County Elections Office
1447 E. St. Hwy 71, Ste A
Llano, Texas 78643
Texas Volunteer Deputy Registrar Guide
Guía del Secretario de voluntarios de Texas
:
(These links will take you to the Secretary of State Website)
English Version
Spanish Version
Additional VDR Resources can be found on the
Secretary of States Website
VDR Quick Reference guide
guide
We will provide you with a printed copy of the guide, your certificate of appointment and a supplies packet once you have competed the state approved training and taken your exam.
Le proporcionaremos una copia impresa de la guía, su certificado de cita y un paquete de suministros una vez que haya completado la capacitación aprobada por el estado y haya realizado su examen.
Volunteer Deputy Registrars serve for two-year terms that expire on December 31 of even-numbered years. You must complete training again once your term has expired. Current Volunteer Deputy Voter Registrar terms will expire on December 31, 2024.
Los Subregistradores Voluntarios sirven por períodos de dos años que expiran el 31 de diciembre de los años pares. Debe completar el entrenamiento nuevamente una vez que su término haya expirado. Los términos actuales del Subsecretario de Votantes Voluntarios expirarán el 31 de diciembre de 2024.
For current Texas Volunteer Deputy Registrars:
Para los actuales Registradores Adjuntos Voluntarios de Texas:
You may print and make copies of the Voter Registration Application with receipt attached:
English
Puede imprimir y hacer copias de la Solicitud de Registro de Votante con recibo adjunto:
Spanish
Updated: 08/18/2026
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
If you are looking for something and can't find it, please give us a call. We are always happy to help.
325-247-5425
Llano County, Texas
Contact
Llano County Courthouse
|  801 Ford Street  |  Llano, TX 78643  |  Phone:
(325) 247-7788
Web Accessibility
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
Llano County, Texas. All rights reserved.
Provided by the
Texas Association of Counties
(opens in a new tab)
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
(opens in a new tab)
TM
