Rockwall County, TX Elections | Rockwall County, TX Elections
Skip to main content
Rockwall County, Texas
Menu
Main Menu
Home
Election Information
Elected Officials
Election Results
Poll Watcher Information
City & School Websites
Cast Vote Records
Campaign Finance Reports
Voter Information
Political Parties
Ballot by Mail Application
Voter Registration
What Can I Expect at the Polls
FAQS
Home
Search
Register to Vote
Am I Registered to Vote?/Change My Address
Where do I Vote?
Ballot by Mail/FPCA
What Can I Expect at the Polls?
Legal Notices/Press Releases
Election Results
Rockwall County Elections Department
The General Election takes place on November 3, 2026
Important Dates:
January 1, 2026 – First Day to
Apply for Ballot by Mail
October 5, 2026 – Last Day to
Register to Vote or Update Registration
October 19, 2026 – First Day of Early Voting by Personal Appearance
October 23, 2026 – Last Day to Submit an
Application for Ballot by Mail
October 30, 2026 – Last Day of Early Voting by Personal Appearance
November 3, 2026 – Election Day, last Day to Receive Voted Ballot by Mail
Important Links:
Early Voting Schedule
Election Day Locations
Election Law Calendar
Sample Ballot will be posted here once available (30 days before election day)
Rockwall County Election Precinct Boundaries Map 2026 –
Map of Precincts
Stay up to date on Rockwall County Elections Info by following us on Social Media or by
subscribing to text alerts:
Informational Videos from the Election Assistance Commission:
Voting in Person
Trusted Sources of Information
The mission of the Rockwall County Elections Department is to continue to maintain a high level of public confidence in the electoral process. We can only achieve this by maintaining the highest level of transparency. In addition to conducting voter registration and elections with the highest level of professional election standards, integrity, and accuracy. Competence is our watchword and we have always been committed to serving the citizens Rockwall County. My office is always available to assist in any matters election related and myself, as the Appointed Official in Rockwall County, charged with planning, resourcing and executing all Federal, State and Local Elections. I am available anytime business or cell. Everyone in the Elections Department realizes how fortunate we are to live and work in Rockwall County.
Christopher J. Lynch, Elections Administrator
Meet Our Staff
Voter Statistics
Registered Voters as of 05/18/2026
Total
91,000
Upcoming Events
There are no current events
Resources
Precinct Finder
Open Records Order Form
Texas Ethics Commission
Texas Secretary of State
Campaign Finance Information
Pollworker Training
Volunteer Deputy Registrar Information
Republican Party
Democratic Party
Poll Worker Training PowerPoint
Election Judges and Clerks Handbook
Subscribe to Text Alerts
Monday – Friday (8:00AM – 5:00PM) · 1101 E. Yellowjacket Ln. Suite 150 Rockwall, TX 75087 · Phone: (972) 204-6200 · Fax Number: (972) 204-6209
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
©
Rockwall County Elections
2026 • Site powered by
SOE Software
