Voter Registration Information | Gillespie County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Government
Residents
How Do I...
Business
Search
Candidate Campaign Information
Election Public Notices Information
Election Results (Past & Present)
Sample Ballot
Voter Registration Information
Home
Government
Departments
County Clerk
Elections
Voter Registration Information
Voter Registration Information
Eligibility
To be eligible for voter registration, an applicant must be a U.S. citizen, a resident of the county, 18 years of age by election day (you may apply for registration at age 17 years, 10 months), not a convicted felon (unless a person's sentence is completed including any probation or parole), and not declared mentally incompetent by a court of law.
If for any reason you cannot register yourself,
with
your
permission, your spouse, parent, or child may complete and sign a voter registration application for you, as long as that person is a registered voter or has applied to voter registration. This person is known as your "agent."
Please note that a voter who registers to vote in Texas must provide a Texas driver's license number or personal identification number issued by the Texas Department of Public Safety. If you do not have such a number, then you must state the fact on the application and provide the last four digits of your social security number. If you do not have a social security number, you must also state that fact on you application.
Register to Vote or Change Your Voter Registration
Postage-paid voter registration applications (for new registrations or updates) are available at the Gillespie County Election's Office and Gillespie County Tax Assessor-Collector's office. Or,
view and print the online version of the voter registration application
. You can complete the form on your computer and then print, sign, and return the completed form. The completed application must be returned to the Elections Department in person or by mail to the address shown on the application form. Completed applications must be returned or clearly postmarked by the 30th day before any election in which you desire to vote. If the deadline falls on a weekend or holiday, the deadline moved forward to the next business day.
View
voter registration application forms
.
Print and return completed applications by USPS mail, in person or by fax.
By USPS mail to:
Gillespie County Elections Office
P.O. Box 351, Fredericksburg, TX 78624
By fax to:
830-990-2307
Or in person to:
Gillespie County Elections / Voter Registration Office in Annex 3
95 Frederick Rd
Suite 100
Fredericksburg, TX 78624
If
an
application
is
faxed,
you
must still mail your original application
. It must be received within four business days. We cannot accept completed applications by e-mail.
Update Your Name & / or Address Online
You may update your name and/or address online if you still live in the county in which you are currently registered to vote. If you have moved to a new county, it is necessary to re-register using the Voter Registration Application provided in the section above. Online name and/or address changes must be submitted by the 30th day before any election in which you desire to vote.
Submit your online name and/or address change
.
Online Voter Registration Address or Name Change
Make changes to your voter name or address
.
ID Required for Texas Voters
See the required ID for Texas Voters / Se require identificacion para votar in Texas (PDF)
.
Agendas & Minutes
Burn Ban Information
Employment
Online Bill Pay
Online Records Search
Report a County Road Issue
County of Gillespie
101 West Main Street
Fredericksburg, TX 78624-3700
Phone Numbers:
Click Here for Officials' and Offices' Contact Numbers
Fax: 830-992-2608
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
