Ballot by Mail Application - Rockwall County, TX Elections
Skip to main content
Rockwall County, Texas
Menu
Main Menu
Home
Election Information
Elected Officials
Election Results
Poll Watcher Information
City & School Websites
Cast Vote Records
Campaign Finance Reports
Voter Information
Political Parties
Ballot by Mail Application
Voter Registration
What Can I Expect at the Polls
FAQS
Home
Search
Register to Vote
Am I Registered to Vote?/Change My Address
Where do I Vote?
Ballot by Mail/FPCA
What Can I Expect at the Polls?
Legal Notices/Press Releases
Election Results
Ballot by Mail Application
If you have any questions about the Ballot by Mail process please contact the office at 972-204-6200 or by email at
elections@rockwallcountytexas.com
Texas Election Code requires ID information (TEXAS DRIVERS LICENSE OR TEXAS ID and/or LAST 4 OF YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER, NOT YOUR VUID #) on your Application for Ballot by Mail
AND
on your carrier envelope. This must match the information in your Voter Record. You can update your Voter Record
online
or by submitting a Voter Application.
To check the status of your application or ballot, use the
Secretary of State Ballot Tracker
Ballot by Mail Application:
English Ballot by Mail Application
Spanish Ballot by Mail Application
Instructions for Ballot by Mail Application:
English Instructions
Spanish Instructions
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA):
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) and Instructions.
Visit
https://www.fvap.gov/texas
for further FPCA information and instruction.
ANNUAL
To vote by mail, you may request an
ANNUAL
ballot for the calendar year (must reapply after January 1 of each year) if you are
65 years of age or older or have a disability
(as defined in Texas Election Code 82.002(a)).
BALLOT BY MAIL (
FOR EACH ELECTION
),
you must:
Be out of the county on Election Day and during the period for Early Voting by personal appearance, (ballot must be mailed to an address outside of Rockwall County), or
Expected to deliver within 3 weeks of Election Day, or
Be confined in jail, but otherwise eligible.
MILITARY AND OVERSEAS CITIZENS
If you are in the military or a citizen overseas you will require a Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) found top of this page. These applications stay in effect for one calendar year so it is important to update your mailing address with the county.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PERTAINING TO MAIL BALLOT APPLICATIONS:
A mail ballot application may also be obtained by contacting our office at
(972) 204-6200
or by email at
elections@rockwallcountytexas.com
and requesting an application be mailed to you.
Once the application is completed, mail it to:
Rockwall County Elections
1101 E. Yellowjacket Ln. Suite 150
Rockwall, Texas 75087
Mail ballot applications must be submitted to the mail ballot clerk on or after the 60th day before Election Day and before the close of business on the 11th day before Election Day. If the 11th day is a weekend, the last day to submit an application is the preceding Friday.
HAND DELIVERING YOUR BALLOT
(Election Day ONLY [Section 86.006])
Who can hand-deliver a ballot?
Only the voter who voted the ballot can hand-deliver their ballot.
The voter may ONLY hand deliver their ballot on Election Day
(Section 86.006). The voter must present an acceptable form of identification when delivering their ballot. If a voter does not possess and cannot reasonably obtain an acceptable form of photo identification, the voter may show a List B identification and complete a reasonable impediment declaration (RID). (Sections 86.006, 63.001, 63.0101).
What does the voter need to give to the early voting clerk’s office?
The voter must execute (sign) their Carrier Envelope as if they were preparing for it to be mailed (except for postage). The marked ballot must be enclosed in the Carrier Envelope. The carrier envelope must be signed, as the ballot will be sent to the early voting ballot board to verify the voter’s signature pursuant to Section 87.041.
What is the procedure for hand delivery of marked ballots?
The following steps should be followed when a voter hand-delivers their marked ballot to the early voting clerk’s office:
Note the voter may ONLY hand deliver their ballot on Election Day
(Section 86.006).
a. The voter will bring the marked ballot enclosed in the executed Carrier Envelope to the early voting clerk’s office.
b. The voter must present a List A form of photo identification (or List B identification with a RID) to the election official taking the ballot.
c. The election official will add the voter’s name to the “Signature Roster – Hand Delivery of Ballot by Mail” and instruct the voter to sign the signature column on the corresponding numbered line.
d. The election official will indicate on the roster whether the voter provided an approved form of photo identification or executed a RID, and the official will note the date and time that the ballot was delivered.
e. The election official will print the name of the official who received the ballot from the voter.
f. The election official will write “Hand Delivered” on the Carrier Envelope and note the date and time that the ballot was delivered.
g. Upon receipt of the Carrier Envelope, the election official must secure the ballot (in the same manner that the early voting clerk secures ballots received by mail) until the ballot is delivered to the early voting ballot board.
What if a voter refuses to present an ID?
The election official should notify the voter that presenting an acceptable form of identification is required when hand-delivering a marked ballot. If the voter refuses to present an acceptable ID, the election official should inform the voter that if they do not present an acceptable ID and insist on leaving the ballot, the ballot will be treated as improperly delivered and will not be sent to the early voting ballot board. The election official should also notify the voter that they can mail the ballot and as long as the envelope is postmarked by 7:00 p.m. on election day and received by the early voting clerk no later than 5:00 p.m. the next business day after election day, the ballot will be sent to the early voting ballot board for processing. NOTE: The Election Code sets later deadlines for the receipt of ballots by mail from certain military and overseas civilian voters using an FPCA or ABBM. (Sections 86.007(d), 101.057).
What if someone other than the voter attempts to drop off the ballot?
The election official should notify the person dropping off the ballot that only the voter can hand-deliver their ballot. If an individual insists on dropping off someone else’s ballot, the ballot will be treated as improperly delivered and will not be sent to the early voting ballot board for counting.
Can we use a drop box so voters can deposit their ballot after hours or without having to interact with election officials?
No.
The law does not authorize the use of drop boxes for the in-person delivery of marked mail ballots. As described above, only the voter can drop off their own ballot; through this process, the voter must present an acceptable form of identification and sign the “Signature Roster – Hand Delivery of Ballot by Mail” form. These procedures require the voter to interact with an election official.
Voter Statistics
Registered Voters as of 09/01/2026
Total
92,000
Resources
Precinct Finder
Open Records Order Form
Texas Ethics Commission
Texas Secretary of State
Campaign Finance Information
Pollworker Training
Volunteer Deputy Registrar Information
Republican Party
Democratic Party
Poll Worker Training PowerPoint
Election Judges and Clerks Handbook
Subscribe to Text Alerts
Monday – Friday (8:00AM – 5:00PM) · 1101 E. Yellowjacket Ln. Suite 150 Rockwall, TX 75087 · Phone: (972) 204-6200 · Fax Number: (972) 204-6209
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
©
Rockwall County Elections
2026 • Site powered by
SOE Software
