Lubbock County, TX Elections
Skip to main content
Lubbock County Elections Office
Main Menu
Elections Office
Office Location
Contact Us
News and Legal Notices
Voting Information
Voter Information Lookup and Sample Ballot
Register To Vote
Voter Photo ID Requirement
Update Voter Information
Absentee Mail Voting
Military / Overseas Voting
Election Information
Election Dates
Early Voting Dates, Times and Locations
Election Day Vote Center Locations
Historical Election Results
Voter Education
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Mark a Ballot by Mail
Voting System
Voter Photo ID Requirement
Elected Officials
Maps
Lubbock County Map
County Commissioner Maps
Justice of the Peace and Constables Maps
Voter Precinct Maps
City Maps
School District Maps
State Representatives District 83 and 84 Maps
Water District Maps
Candidate Information
Candidate Guide
Campaign Finance Reports Information
Political Sign Information
Related Links
Poll Worker Information
Volunteer Deputy Registrar Program
Register To Vote
Who can register to vote?
To be eligible to register to vote in Texas you must:
Be a United States Citizen
Be a resident of the county where you submit the application
Be 18 years old (you may register at 17 years and 10 months)
Not be a convicted felon (you may be eligible to vote if you have completed your sentence, probation and parole)
Not be declared mentally incapacitated by a court of law
Am I registered to vote?
Am I registered to vote in
Lubbock County
?
If you are not registered to vote in Lubbock County, you will need to complete a Voter Registration application.
This also applies if you are registered in another Texas County but are now a resident of Lubbock County. Once you are registered in Lubbock County, your registration in your previous county will be automatically cancelled.
Am I registered to vote in another
Texas County
?
Completed applications must be returned to the Lubbock County Elections Office in person, or postmarked, by the 30th day before any election in which you desire to vote.
How do I register to vote?
How To Get An Application
• Complete a
voter registration application card
online from the Texas Secretary of State website to be printed, signed and mailed.
• Call the Lubbock County Elections Office at 806-775-1338 and request a voter registration application be sent to you to be filled out, signed and mailed.
• Voter registration applications are also available at many post offices, libraries, Texas Department of Public Safety offices, and Texas Health and Human Services Commission offices throughout the state.
Submitting Your Application
Regardless of which option you choose, fill out the application completely and legibly.
Completed applications must be returned to the Lubbock County Elections Office in person, or postmarked, by the 30th day before any election in which you desire to vote.
Complete, sign and submit the application to:
Lubbock County Elections Office
1308 Crickets Avenue
P.O. Box 10536
Lubbock, TX 79408
*We cannot accept completed applications by fax or email.
Please enable voterstats plugin
Upcoming Events
There are no current events
Elections Office
Connect with Us
(Opens in a new tab)
1308 Crickets Ave, Lubbock, TX 79401
(806) 775-1339
Copyright © 2026 Lubbock County, Texas - Powered by:
SOE Software
Menu
Home
Search
