Voter Registration | McLennan County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Government
County Services
Safety & Justice
How Do I...
Search
Ballot by Mail
Campaign Finance Reports
2024 Campaign Finance Reports
2025 Campaign Finance Reports
2026 Campaign Finance Reports
Current Election Results
Current Office Holders with Contact Information
Election Links
Election Worker Employment
Information for Candidates
March 3, 2026 Joint Primary Election
May 2, 2026 City/School Election
May 26, 2026 Joint Primary Runoff Election
McLennan County Maps
Military and Overseas Voters (FPCAs)
November 3, 2026 Joint General Election
Online Poll Worker Training
Past Elections Results
Poll Watcher Information
Precinct Street Guide
Election Day Vote Centers
Foreword
Video Archives
Volunteer Deputy Registrar
Vote Centers/Polling Locations
Voter Registration
Voter Registration Certificates
Voters With Special Needs
Home
Government
Departments A-E
Elections
Voter Registration
Voter Registration
Who
To be eligible for registration as a voter in McLennan County, a person must:
Be 17 years, 10 months of age or older to register, and you must be 18 years of age by Election Day
Be a United States citizen
Have not been determined by a final judgment of a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be totally mentally incapacitated or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote
Have not been finally convicted of a felony, or if you are a felon, you must have completed all of your punishment, including any term of incarceration, parole, supervision, period of probation, or you must have received a pardon
Be a resident of this county
When
Written application may be submitted to the Elections Administration/Voter Registration Office at any time. It must supply all the information required by Section 132 of the Texas Election Code and must be signed.
To be eligible to vote in an election, the written application must be hand-delivered or postmarked to the Registrar’s Office no later than 30 days prior to an election.
All voters who register to vote in Texas must provide a Texas driver’s license number or personal identification number issued by the Texas Department of Public Safety. If you don’t have such a number, simply provide the last 4 digits of your social security number. If you don’t have a social security number, you need to state that fact.
Your voter registration will become effective 30 days after it is received or on your 18th birthday, whichever is later. Your registration must be effective on or before an election day in order to vote in that election. If you move to another county, you must re-register in the county of your new residence.
Where and How
Application forms may be picked up at the following location:
McLennan County Elections Administration Office (Records Building Basement)
214 N. 4th Street Suite 300
Suite 300
Waco, TX 76701
OR
Download and PRINT an application
Texas Voter Registration Application (English)
Solicitud de registro electoral en Texas (En Español)
To complete the Voter Registration process applicants must PRINT their completed application, sign the application, and submit the original document to the McLennan County Elections Administration Office by one of two ways:
1. Mail application to:
McLennan County Elections
P.O. Box 2450
Waco, TX 76703-2450
OR
2. Submit application in person at:
McLennan County Elections Administration Office (Records Building Basement)
214 N. 4th Street Suite 300
Waco, TX 76701
If you have any questions you can call 254-757-5043. You can also pick up an application at any city office, post office, or city library.
Verify Current Voter Registration
If you think that you might already be registered to vote, you can verify your current registration status on the
Vote Texas website
. If you are not currently registered to vote in McLennan County, then a blank application is provided at the
Texas Secretary of State’s website
. The completed application must be mailed to our office. Our address is: P.O. Box 2450 Waco, TX 76703
Update Voter Name or Change Address
Voter Name and Address Change (Link)
Cambios de Nombre y Dirección del Votante (Enlace)
Resources
Texas Voter Registration Application (English)
Print the application, sign and complete the application, and mail to:
McLennan County Elections
P.O. Box 2450
Waco, TX 76703-2450
Solicitud de registro electoral en Texas (En Español)
Imprimir la solicitud, firmada y completa la solicitud y envia a:
McLennan County Elections
P.O. Box 2450
Waco, TX 76703-2450
Voter Information Frequently Asked Questions
: Have question?  We have your answers.
Military and Overseas Voters
Volunteer
Deputy Registrar Information
Voter Registration Statistics (PDF)
: Precinct and District Information
District Directory Information (PDF)
Agendas & Minutes
Commissioners Court Meetings
Elections
Read up-to-date information
Jobs
View current openings
Jury
Contact us / Information
Mugshots
Search our database
Tax Office & Motor Vehicles
View related information
Contact Us
McLennan County, Texas
501 Washington Avenue
Waco, TX 76701
Department Contacts
Phone:
254-757-5000
Helpful Links
Bond Office Questions
County Budget Information
CSCD Absconder (Fugitive) Apprehension Program
Directions to Tradinghouse Lake (PDF)
District Court Dockets
Emergency Tips
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Copyright Notices
Site Map
Website Accessibility
Contact Us
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
