Deputy Voter Registrar Program / Walker County, TX
Breaking News
Burn Ban in Effect 8/24/2026 at 10:00 AM
Walker County, Texas
A great place to call home
Skip over navigation
[live weather removed for determinism]
TEXT SIZE:
A
A
A
Select Language
Search
Submit
Menu
Departments
Government Services
Judicial
Law Enforcement
How Do I?
Start Content
Home
Tax Assessor-Collector's Office
Voter Registration
Deputy Voter Registrar Program
Deputy Voter Registrar Program
Volunteer Deputy Registrars are entrusted with the responsibility of officially registering voters in the State of Texas. They are appointed by county voter registrars and charged with helping increase voter registration in the state. Deputy Voter Registrar's offer an invaluable service to our office as they act as an agent on behalf of Diana McRae, Walker County Voter Registrar. Accordingly, the deputy will be expected to understand and abide by the Texas Election Code. Before deputation, all interested persons must complete the state mandated training provided by the Walker County Voter Registration Office. Below are the steps to becoming a Volunteer Deputy Registrar for our county.
Click here to read more about qualifications and responsibilities of Volunteer Deputy Registrars.
HOW TO BECOME A VOLUNTEER DEPUTY REGISTRAR IN WALKER COUNTY
STEP 1: Online Training
Watch the
Walker County Volunteer Deputy Registrar online training
presentation.
After watching the video, you may print and review the
Volunteer Deputy Registrar Guide
.
(Spanish-Volunteer Deputy Registrar Guide)
However, please note that
the exam will be based off topics discussed in the training video
.
STEP 2: Request for Appointment
Please complete the
Request for Appointment
and submit the completed form to the Walker County Voter Registration Office.
Email:
walkervr@co.walker.tx.us
Mail or In-Person: 1301 Sam Houston Ave., Suite 114, Huntsville, Texas 77340
STEP 3: In-Person Examination
Schedule your in-person examination by contacting the Voter Registration Office at (936) 436-4959 or sending an email to
walkervr@co.walker.tx.us
. Examinations may be scheduled Tuesday through Thursday between 10:00am and 3:00pm. Special accommodations can be made in advance for groups.
STEP 4: Certification and Review of County-Specific Procedures
Upon satisfactorily completion of the Volunteer Deputy Registrar training and examination you will receive your Certificate of Appointment by Walker County. At time of appointment, we will discuss all county-specific procedures and issue materials necessary to registering voters.
If you are interested and would like more information,
please call 436-4959 or come by the Voter Registration Office located at 1301 Sam Houston Avenue, Ste. 114 in the Walker County Annex.
Useful Links
Useful Links
Texas Volunteer Deputy Registrar Guide 2023-Spanish
Texas Volunteer Deputy Registrar Guide 2023
Deputy Voter Registrar Training
Deputy Voter Registrar Information
Request for Appointment
Contact Us
1301 Sam Houston Ave
Huntsville, TX 77340
Get Directions
Phone:
(936) 436-4959
Fax:
(936) 436-4961
Staff Directory
Hours:
Monday - Friday 8:00am - 5:00pm
In this Department
Deputy Voter Registrar Program
Military & Overseas Voting
Am I Registered?
Voter Statistics
Elections
Jump to a division
Make a Selection
Deputy Voter Registrar Program
Military & Overseas Voting
Am I Registered?
Voter Statistics
Elections
Section Home
More Information
Find content and services related to this page.
Document Center
Forms & Applications
More Information
Other
Jump to a content archive
Make a Selection
Document Center
- Other
- Forms & Applications
- More Information
Walker County, Texas
1100 University Ave., Huntsville, TX 77340
936-436-4900
Site Design and Content Management by
CORE Business Technologies
© 2026
Walker County, Texas
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Terms of Use
