Voter Registration | Burnet County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
About Us
Records
Voter Resources
Search
Current Election
Election Workers
Helpful Links
Maps
Polling Locations
Military / Overseas Voters
Vote By Mail
Voter Registration
Voter ID Required
Home
Departments
Elections
Voter Resources
Voter Registration
Voter Registration
Qualifications
In order to be eligible to vote, you must:
Register to vote in the county in which you reside.
Be a citizen of the United States.
Be at least 17 years and 10 months of age to register and be 18 years of age by Election Day.
Not be convicted of a felony, or if you are a felon, you must have completed all of your punishment, including any term of incarceration, parole, supervision, or period of probation, or received a pardon. If you are on "deferred adjudication" or "off paper," you may register and vote.
To Register to Vote and General Information:
Obtain a Voter Registration Application from various sources including government offices, libraries, city offices, or online at
Guide to Voting in Texas website
.
Your voter registration will become effective 30 days after it is received or on your 18th birthday, whichever is later.
If you move to another county, you must re-register in the county of your new residence.
You must provide a driver's license or personal identification number. If you do not have a driver's license or personal identification, then give the last four digits of your social security number. If you do not have either of these, your identity will be checked the first time you vote.
Fill out a
Voter Registration Application (PDF)
using the link, print and mail to Burnet County Elections.
Photo Id Required for Voting in Texas
Change Your Voter Registration
If you have moved from another Texas county, you may:
Submit a change request to your Voter Registration card online Or
Obtain a Voter Registration Application from various sources including government offices, libraries, and city offices. Complete, check the box "Change of Address, Name, or Other Information," sign, and mail the application to the given address. Or
Make a note of the changes to be made in the space provided on the back of your Voter Registration card. Fax or mail your Voter Registration card to the Voter Registration office at:
Elections Administrator Burnet County, Texas
220 S Pierce Street Burnet, TX 78611
If you have moved, and no longer live within Burnet County, you must re-register with the county you now live in.
Request a Replacement Voter Registration Card:
Call the elections office 512-715-5288 and request a replacement card (only if all information is the same, and it is for yourself.) OR
Obtain a Voter Registration Application from various sources including government offices, libraries, and city offices. Complete, check the box "Replacement," sign, and mail the application to the address on this page. Or
Mail or fax 512-715-5287 a signed written request for a replacement card to the given address.
Elections Administrator
Burnet County, Texas
220 S Pierce Street
Burnet, TX 78611
Training for Volunteer Deputy Registrars
Burnet County offers Online training to become a Volunteer Deputy Registrar. Please view the
Texas Secretary of State's Approved Training Material (PDF)
. Read through the material and when you feel adequately educated, give us a call at 512-715-5288 so you can schedule a time to come by and take the exam and receive your certificate of appointment. Our office is located at 106 W Washington Street, Burnet, TX, open 8-5, Monday through Friday Call our office if you have any questions, at 512-715-5288.
For current Texas Volunteer Deputy Registrars: you may print and make copies of the
Voter Registration Application (PDF)
with receipt attached.
Contact Us
Voter Registration
Physical Address
View Map
220 S Pierce Street
Burnet
,
TX
78611
220 S Pierce Street Burnet TX 78611
Directions
Phone:
512-715-5288
Fax: 512-715-5287
Hours
Monday through Friday
8 am to 5 pm
Directory
Am I Registered
Daily Voter List Download Page
Poll Worker Page
Poll Worker Training
Office address:
106 W. Washington St., Burnet, Tx. 78611.
Main Phone:
512-715-5288
Fax: 512-715-5287
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
