Register to Vote – Brazos Votes
Skip to content
Brazos County, Texas
Contact Us
Links
FAQs
Elected Officials
TextMyGov
How to Vote
What To Expect
Register to Vote
Absentee Voting (Ballot By Mail)
Limited Ballot
Get Involved
Photo ID Required for Texas Voters
Where and When to Vote
Results
Notices
Candidate Info
Ballot Counting
Register to Vote
Are you registered to vote?
Do you want to register to vote?
Do you want to update your voter registration online?
Do you have questions about if you are eligible to vote?
Do you need a voter registration form?
You can find the answers to all of those questions and more on the official VoteTexas.gov website. Don’t wait. Get registered to vote today!
Visit VoteTexas.gov website
Update Voter Registration Online
Am I Already Registered?
To confirm your voter registration status, visit
votetexas.gov
.
You can search by:
Your Texas driver’s license number
, (if you provided it when you applied for voter registration)
Your Voter Unique Identifier (VUID)
, which appears on your voter registration certificate
Your first and last name
Voter Registration Forms
You may request voter registration forms by following the information provided in one of the following two links:
Fill out the
Online Registration Form
, print it, and mail it to the
Brazos County Voter Registrar
.
Request that an application(s) be
sent to you by mail
.
Voter Registration Instructions
Any United States Citizen May Vote…
Provided that you are:
A resident of the County
At least 18 years of age on Election Day
Registered to vote
Not a convicted felon (unless the person has completed their sentence including any probation or parole)
not declared mentally incompetent by a court of law
You may register to vote any time:
Complete a postage free post card application and
Mail it, or take it in person to the voter registrar in your county.
You must be at least 17 years and ten months of age on the date your application is submitted.
Your application must be submitted 30 days before an election for you to be eligible to vote in that election.
Your spouse, parent or child (acting as an agent) may complete and sign a voter registration application for you, provided that this person is a registered voter, or has applied for voter registration.
If any of the information on the application is incomplete, you will be notified and required to send a second application.
The second application must be received by the Voter Registrar within 10 days.
You will receive a Voter Registration Certificate within 30 days:
Check your certificate to make sure all information is correct. (If there is a mistake, immediately make corrections and return it to the registrar.)
Present your certificate at the polling place on Election Day.
You will receive a color-coded certificate every two years.
Change of address moving within the same county:
Promptly notify the voter registrar in writing of your new address
Correcting the information on your current voter registration certificate and returning it to the voter registrar; or
By filling out a new voter registration form and checking the change box
You will receive a new, corrected certificate
You will be able to vote in your new precinct 30 days after your notice has been received
Meanwhile:
You may vote a full ballot in your former precinct if your registration has not become effective in the new precinct.
You must notify the voter registrar of your change of address as soon as possible.
Name change:
Promptly notify the voter registrar in writing of the change following the same steps for change of address.
Your spouse, parent or child (acting as an agent) may complete and sign a change of name for you, provided that this person is a registered voter or has applied for registration.
You will receive a new, corrected certificate 30 days after your notice is received.
You may continue to vote.
Vote by affidavit during this time if you used your certificate as your notice of name change.
Change of address moving to another county:
You must reregister! Complete an application and mail it or take it in person to the voter registrar of your new county.
You will be registered 30 days after your application is submitted.
You will receive a new certificate.
You will be eligible to vote a limited ballot in your new county of residence for 90 days after moving if
You were qualified to vote in your former county at the time you moved.
There is an election in the 90 days after moving and
Your registration in the new county is not yet effective.
If you vote a limited ballot, you may vote on all statewide offices and propositions and for all district offices that are common to both counties.
You must apply for a limited ballot and vote by personal appearance with the elections administrator of your new county between the 20th day and the 4th day before an election, or by mail if you are already eligible to vote by mail.
If you lose or misplace your certificate:
Notify the voter registrar in writing and they will issue a new one.
You may vote without your certificate by signing an affidavit at the polling place.
Quick Links
Register to Vote
Voting Places
Upcoming Election Information
Sample Ballots
Election Roster
Voting Presentations and Recordings
Ballot Counting
Search the website
Search
Search
Contact Us
Brazos County Elections Administration
300 E. William J. Bryan Parkway, Suite 100
Bryan, TX 77803
Phone: (979) 361-5770
Fax: (979) 361-5779
Office Hours
Monday – Friday:
8 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
Facebook
Helpful Links
Brazos County, Texas Official Website
Secretary of State – Election Information
Vote Texas. You Count. Texas Makes Sure
City of Bryan Elections Website
City of College Station Elections Website
Bryan Independent School District
College Station Independent School District
Copyright © 2026, Brazos County. Site built by Brazos County Webmaster.
