Voters
Travis County Tax Office
Skip to main content

Travis County Tax Office
search
Enter your query...
About us
Properties
Vehicles
Voter registration
Court costs, fines and fees
place
Visit Us
contact_support
Contact us
g_translate
Our lobbies are subject to closure when we reach capacity. Please check our locations and hours to plan your visit.
Learn More
New enhanced ID requirements for certain motor vehicle transactions effective March 5, 2026.
Learn More
Voter registration
The voter registration division is located at 2433 Ridgepoint Drive and is open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday. Use the building's main entrance and take the elevator to the second floor. We are to the right as you step off the elevator.
Residents and volunteer deputy registrars looking to conduct voter registration business can
visit our main office
during normal business hours without an appointment to register to vote and to pick-up or drop-off volunteer deputy registrar materials. In addition, residents and volunteer deputy registrars may also
visit one of our satellite locations
to register to vote or drop-off voter registration applications.
For questions or comments, please email:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
, or call 512-854-9473.
Did you know you can verify your voter record online? You can also view your personal sample ballot, identify a polling location, confirm election dates and times, and more! Just visit
www.VoteTravis.com
for everything voting!
Register to vote
Learn how you can register to vote.
Learn More
FILL OUT APPLICATION
launch
Find Out if You Are Registered
launch
Volunteer deputy registrars
Learn how you can become a volunteer deputy registrar.
Learn More
Sign up for Training
launch
Request Reciprocity launch
launch
Voter registration geospatial data, maps, and reports
View and download voter registration geospatial data, maps, and reports
Learn More
question_answer
Frequently Asked Questions
cloud_download
Download Forms
More information
Election information
VoteTravis.com
VoteTexas.gov
Who Represents Me?
Secretary of State
Texas Constitution and Statutes
Travis Central Appraisal District
League of Women Voters Austin Area
Disclaimers
Privacy Policy
©
Travis County. All Rights Reserved.
