Military & Overseas Voters | Kendall County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Burn Ban Update
BURN BAN OFF - EFFECTIVE 10/2/2026
Read On...
FEMA Required Development Permits Prior to Beginning Repairs
Read On...
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Search
Government
Departments
Services
Emergency Services
How Do I...
Home
Departments
Elections
Voting by Mail
Military & Overseas Voters
Military & Overseas Voters
First and foremost, we would like to thank you, the military voters, for your service to our country. To all U.S. citizens overseas, thank you for your interest in your country's elections while far away. (Federal voting law defines "overseas" as anywhere outside the United States. This includes Canada and Mexico.) Military and overseas voters are welcome to use the regular registration and early voting by mail process (also known as absentee voting) available to all voters away from their home county on Election Day. However, there are also special provisions for you.
Military & Overseas Voter Empowerment (MOVE) Act
In accordance with the Military and Overseas Voter Empowerment (MOVE) Act, the State of Texas has adopted new administrative rules that make it easier for military and overseas voters to access the absentee voting process. Included are provisions which allow military service members temporarily residing outside their county of residence, as well as United States citizens residing overseas, to request blank balloting materials to be sent to them by email as well as the establishment of a ballot tracking system allowing military and overseas voters to determine the status of their ballot.
When a voter submits their Federal Post Card Application (FPCA), they may specify that a blank ballot be sent to them via email. Voted ballots must still be returned through regular mail, unless they are sent from a designated war zone and are eligible to be returned by fax. For more information, voters may visit the
Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP) website
or call FVAP at 1800-438-VOTE (8683).
Forms
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) (PDF)
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB) (PDF)
Envelope for returning your FPCA (PDF)
Envelope for returning your FWAB (PDF)
Envelope for securing your Federal Write-In "Voted" Ballot (PDF)
Coversheet for faxing your "Voted" Ballot (PDF)
(you must be in a declared hostile fire zone to fax a voted ballot)
Resources
Federal Voting Assistance Program Website
Military Voter Services (part of the Overseas Vote Foundation)
Overseas Vote Foundation Website
FPCA Ballot Tracker (Secretary of States Website)
Early Voting (By Mail)
Military & Overseas Voters
Student Voters
Burn Ban Status
Agendas & Minutes
Important Notices
Financial Transparency
Election Information
Permitting
Contact Us
201 East San Antonio Avenue
Boerne, TX 78006
Monday through Friday : 8 am to 5 pm
Saturday through Sunday: Closed
Phone:
830-249-9343
Quick Links
Agendas & Minutes
Emergency Notifications
County Clerk
Constable's Office
Elections
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
