Election Voters - Caldwell County, TX
Skip Navigation
Home
Sitemap
Contact Us
Translate
Securing our future through County Governance
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
County Information
Weddings and Marriage Licenses
Current Transportation Plan
Safety Action Plan
Caldwell County Precinct Map
Caldwell County Historical Commission
Caldwell County Mapbook
About Data Centers
Resolution regarding Data Centers
Contact Information
County Calendar
Financial Transparency
Media Center
Metropolitan Planning Organization
Ordinances
Proclamations
Public Information Request
Public Notices
Road Closures
Government Officials
County Judge
Constables
Commissioners Court
County Auditor
County Clerk
Foreclosure Notices
County Court at Law
Sheriff
Tax Assessor/Collector
County Treasurer
District Attorney
District Clerk
Justice of the Peace
Precinct 1
Precinct 2
Precinct 3
Precinct 4
Departments and Services
General Information
Aging Advisory Council
Building Maintenance
Child Welfare Board
Community and Evacuation Center
Economic Development
Elections Office & Voter Registration
Emergency Management
Extension Office
Code Enforcement
Grants Administration
Human Resources
Indigent Health Care
Information Technology
911 Rural Addressing
Probation
Adult
Juvenile
Purchasing Department
Sanitation / Development Services
Unit Road
Unit Road Administrator
Unit Road Updates and FAQs
Veterans Services
Courts
District Court
County Court at Law
22nd District Court
207th District Court
421st District Court
Caldwell County Justice Center
District Attorney
District Clerk
Useful Links
Caldwell County Road Bond
Child Welfare Board
Crisis Hotlines & Resources
P.A.C.E.
Pay Tickets Online
Sheriff's Tax Sale
Texas DPS Drivers License Office
About TextMyGov
Water Supplier Information
How Do I...
Bid on a Project
Pay a Ticket Online
Search for a County Job
Get Married at the Courthouse
Apply for a Mass Gathering Permit
Apply for a Marriage License
Apply for a filming permit
Sign up for Commissioners Court alerts
Report illegal dumping
Elections Office
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Elections Office - Home
Staff
Election Commission, Committee & Board
Election Information
Election Results
Ballot by Mail
Election Equipment
Early Voting Locations
Election Day Locations
Election Information
Voter Information
Voter Name & Address Changes
Register to Vote
Am I Registered to Vote?
Voters with Special Needs
Voter Information
Candidate Information
Campaign Finance Report
Local Officeholders
Get Involved
Community Outreach
Becoming an Election Worker
Volunteer Deputy Registrar
Student Worker
Poll Watcher
Get Involved
Resources
Caldwell County Elections
Voter Information
Texas law requires eligible voters to register by the 30th day before Election Day.
Mobile Friendly Table
Election Date
Tuesday, November 3, 2026
Election
General Election
Voter Registration Deadline
Monday, October 5, 2026
Register to Vote
Voter Look-Up
Sample Ballot
How to Register or Update your registration information:
Registering to vote for the first time
To register to vote in Texas, simply complete a voter registration application and return it to our office at least 30 days before the upcoming election date. To complete an application, you may:
Your eligible to register to vote if:
You are a United States citizen;
You are a resident of the county where you submit the application;
You are at least 17 years and 10 months old on the date your voter registration application is submitted, and you are 18 years of age on Election Day.
You are not a convicted felon (you may be eligible to vote if you have completed your sentence, probation, and parole); and
You have not been declared by a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be either totally mentally incapacitated or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote.
Complete an Application
SOS ONLINE VOTER REGISTRATION APPLICATION
.
Simply fill in the required information, print, sign and mail the completed application directly to your county election office.
Request a
PRINTED APPLICATION
from the Texas Secretary of State's Office and they will mail a postage-paid voter registration application to the address provided, OR
Contact our Caldwell County Elections to get assistance on completing the voter registration process, Office # (512) 668-4347
Register to vote when renewing your Driver License
▲
Register to vote when renewing your Driver License
If you’re not already registered to vote but have an existing Texas Driver License or state identification card, you can register to vote online when renewing, replacing or changing your contact information for either of these cards through the Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS).
Follow the steps on the DPS web portal to update your driver license information, and you will be given the option to register to vote when renewing or updating your information.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Update your voter registration information online
▲
Recently moved
Changed your name,
You can now update all your information on your voter registration record through our portal on
Texas.gov
.
**NOTE: To update your voter registration, you will need your Voter Unique Identifier (VUID) to log in to the Texas.gov portal. You can find your VUID by visiting the
Texas SOS My Voter Portal
, in which you can enter your Name, County, Date of Birth and ZIP code to display your voter registration information.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Registering to Vote Information for College Students
▲
Students are provided with two options. It is strictly up to you, the student, as to where you want to claim your residence, which elections you want to participate in, and how you would like to vote.
Registering in Caldwell County
You may follow the same steps to register as outlined above in the Voter Registration portion.
Register at your Current Residence
If your home address is outside the state of Texas
,
You may access
Election Day Contact Information
to download a form and accompanying guide that gives information for each state.
If your home address is in the state of Texas
,
You may
download the form
to sign and mail it to your local voter registrar or request a
printed application
be mailed to you.
Mail your completed form to the voter registrar of your county. A list of
County Voter Registration Officials
is available online and can help you find the office responsible for voter registration in your county.
For more information visit Vote.Gov's guide to
Voting as a College Student
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
The
Secretary of State’s office
offers a page of Frequently Asked Questions..
Feel free to contact our office with any further questions you may have.
Voter with Special Needs
Party Affiliation Q&A
Elected Officials
List of Supporting IDs
▲
Here is a list of the supporting forms of ID that can be presented if the voter does not possess on
e of the forms of an acceptable photo ID and cannot reasonably obtain one:
copy or original of a government document that shows the voter’s name and an address, including the voter’s voter registration certificate;
copy of or original current utility bill;
copy of or original bank statement;
copy of or original government check;
copy of or original paycheck; or
copy of or original of
(a) a certified domestic (from a U.S. state or territory) birth certificate or
(b) a document confirming birth admissible in a court of law which establishes the voter’s identity (which may include a foreign birth document).
After presenting one of the forms of supporting ID listed above, the voter mu
st execute a Reasonable Impediment Declaration.
Visit
votetexas.gov
for more information
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Cancel A Deceased Family Member's Voter Registration
▲
Did you receive any one of the following document types?
Address Confirmation Form
Voter Registration Certificate
If yes,
Write the voter’s name on the form.
Write “deceased” across the front of the form.
Sign your name.
Record your relationship to the voter beside your name (i.e. husband, wife, son, daughter, etc.).
Return the notice to the Elections Department.
If no,
Send a
sworn statement
that the person is deceased.
Include the name of the voter, registration address, and date of birth.
Sign your name, and record your relationship to the voter beside your name (i.e. husband, wife, son, daughter, etc.)
Return the notice to the Elections Department.
Or,
Send a certified copy of the Certificate of Death.
Include in your correspondence:
name of deceased voter,
voter’s residential address on the registration,
voter’s date of birth, and
your name and residential address.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Cancel Your Voter Registration
▲
To cancel your registration, fill out the
Voter Registration Cancellation Form
, print it, and mail it to the Elections Administrator’s office.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Caldwell County Justice Center   |   1703 S. Colorado St   |   Lockhart, TX 78644
Main Historic Courthouse   |   110 S Main   |   Lockhart, TX 78644
Web Accessibility
Staff Login
Copyright © Caldwell County, Texas
2016
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
