Voter Registration - Rockwall County, TX Elections
Skip to main content
Rockwall County, Texas
Menu
Main Menu
Home
Election Information
Elected Officials
Election Results
Poll Watcher Information
City & School Websites
Cast Vote Records
Campaign Finance Reports
Voter Information
Political Parties
Ballot by Mail Application
Voter Registration
What Can I Expect at the Polls
FAQS
Home
Search
Register to Vote
Am I Registered to Vote?/Change My Address
Where do I Vote?
Ballot by Mail/FPCA
What Can I Expect at the Polls?
Legal Notices/Press Releases
Election Results
Voter Registration
Please contact the Rockwall County Elections Office at (972) 204-6200 should you have any questions regarding your voter registration.
To be eligible to register in Texas, you must:
Be a U.S. citizen
Be a resident of the county
Be be at least 17 years and 10 months old on the date registration application is submitted, and be 18 years of age on or before Election Day
Not be a convicted felon (unless a person’s sentence is completed, including any probation or parole)
Not declared mentally incapacitated without the right to vote by a court of law
Important note: To be eligible to vote in any election, you must be registered
30 days
prior to Election Day.
Voter Registration Applications
In Person
Voter registration applications may be acquired at our office
Rockwall County Elections Office
1101 E. Yellowjacket Ln. Suite 150
Rockwall, TX 75087
By Mail
Voter Registration Application
You must print, sign, and mail to us:
Rockwall County Elections Office
1101 E. Yellowjacket Ln. Suite 150
Rockwall, TX 75087
Address Changes
Please ensure our office has the most up-to-date information. It is essential that you keep your voter information current so that you may vote in the correct precinct and elections.
Online Address Changes
If you have moved to Rockwall County from another Texas county or within the county, you may change your name or address online.
Voter name and address change form
is available online and is provided by the Secretary of State.
In Person or By Mail
Address or name changes may be made in our office or at the DPS office when renewing your driver’s license.
If you have your voter certificate, sign your name and fill out the spaces provided with your new address.
Mail certificate to the following address:
Rockwall County Elections Office
1101 E. Yellowjacket Ln. Suite 150
Rockwall, Texas 75087
If you do not have your voter certificate, you may access the
Voter Registration Application
online to request a new one.
College Students
Students are provided with two options. It is strictly up to you, the student, as to where you want to claim your residence, which elections you want to participate in, and how you would like to vote.
Register Here:
To register in Rockwall County, you may follow the same steps to register as outlined above in the Voter Registration portion.
Register at your current residence:
If your home address is outside the state of Texas
, you may access
Election Day Contact Information
to download a form and accompanying guide that gives information for each state.
If your home address is in the state of Texas,
You may download the same form located above in the Voter Registration portion, or use the links to request a form be mailed to you.
Mail your completed form to the voter registrar of your county. A list of
County Voter Registration Officials
is available online and can help you find the office responsible for voter registration in your county.
Voter Statistics
Registered Voters as of 05/18/2026
Total
91,000
Resources
Precinct Finder
Open Records Order Form
Texas Ethics Commission
Texas Secretary of State
Campaign Finance Information
Pollworker Training
Volunteer Deputy Registrar Information
Republican Party
Democratic Party
Poll Worker Training PowerPoint
Election Judges and Clerks Handbook
Subscribe to Text Alerts
Monday – Friday (8:00AM – 5:00PM) · 1101 E. Yellowjacket Ln. Suite 150 Rockwall, TX 75087 · Phone: (972) 204-6200 · Fax Number: (972) 204-6209
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
©
Rockwall County Elections
2026 • Site powered by
SOE Software
