Duval County, Texas
Skip Navigation
Duval County Texas
HOME
CONTACT US
TRANSLATE
GO
Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Home
County Offices
County Judge
County Clerk
Foreclosures
County Attorney
County Auditor
County Constable
County Sheriff
County Tax Assessor-Collector
Tax Assessor-Collector Department
Motor Vehicle Department
County Treasurer
County Court Dockets
County Court Dockets
County Court Dockets Archives
District Offices
District Judge
District Clerk
District Attorney
District Court Dockets
District Court Dockets
District Court Docket Archives
Commissioners' Court
County Judge
County Commissioners
Meeting Agendas
Current Agendas
Agenda Archives
Elections
Elections and Voting Information
Archives
Job Opportunities
Search Voter
Voter List Charges
Financial Transparency
Financial Transparency
Financial Transparency Archives
Public Notices
Public Information
Emergency
Emergency Management
Weather
Justice of the Peace
County Extensions
Victims of Crime Assistance Program
Press Releases
Juvenile Services
Juvenile Probation
Juvenile Facility
Data Reports/Forms
PREA Statistical Data Report
Discrimination Complaint Policy
Parent Grievance Form (ENG)
Parent Grievance Form (ESP)
Wellness Policy
Final Prison Rape Eliminator Act Report
Social Services
Duval County Civic Center
Duval County Library
County Healthcare Department
Duval County Museum
911 Addressing
Veteran Services
Landfill
County Photo Gallery
Useful Links
▲
Federal Resources
White House
Library of Congress "How To Find"
State Resources
State of Texas
Texas State Comptroller
Comptroller Ch 381 Agreement
Database
Texas Laws and Statutes
Texas Forest Service
Unclaimed Property
Active slide image alt text will be announced here
County Court Cancellations
Duval County Courts for March 19th and April 2nd 2026 have been cancelled. The next County Court date will be April 23rd
Welcome to Duval County, Texas
Duval County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census. It's population was 11,782. The county seat is San Diego. The county was founded in 1858 and is named for Burr H. Duval, a soldier in the Texas Revolution who died in the Goliad Massacre.
Although Duval County was created by the State Legislature in 1858, it was attached to Nueces County until 1876 when a group of citizens petitioned for an organizational election. On February 1, 1858 the legislature passed an act creating: The county of Duval, (named in honor of Captain Burr H. Duval, who fell in Fannin's Massacre), the county seat thereof shall bear the same name, and may be located by a majority vote anywhere within ten miles of its center. The act provided for the county to be organized by a petition of 75 citizens. It was not until 1876 that the petition would come forward. On April 22, 1876 N.G. Collins, F.C. Gravis, J.H. Moses and other citizens petitioned the Nueces County Commissioner Court for recognition. The court denied their requests because;1) they were unsure if San Diego, from where most signatures were from, was in Duval or Nueces County: and 2) the petition was not verified by a law officer. A month later, on May 21, 1876, the group petitioned again through Gravis who was a County Commissioner in Nueces County. The court rejected them again until the boundaries could be reviewed. On September 22, 1876 a third petition was presented which was tabled to allow the County Attorney more time to review and analyze the situation. Finally, on September 28, 1876 the Court accepted the petition and called for an election on November 7, 1876. The election proved successful and James O. Luby was elected the first county judge (Exhibit A). Other elected officials included: Frank C. Gravis, County Commissioner Precinct One, P.W. Fowler, County Commissioner Precinct Two, Rafael Salinas, County Commissioner Precinct Three, E.H. Caldwell, County Commissioner Precinct Four, R.P. Fly (Exhibit B), Sheriff, P.W. Moses, County Attorney, Charles Hoffman, County Treasurer, Theo Lamberton, Hide Inspector and John Dix, Surveyor. San Diego, being the only community of substance, was selected as the county seat. San Diego had been partitioned in 1875. The first courthouse was a two-story stone building rented for $400 per year. In 1879 a two-story wood frame courthouse was built (Exhibit C). It burned down in 1914 under mysterious circumstances. The present courthouse was built in 1916 (Exhibit D) and the annex in 1938.
Exhibit A
Exhibit B
Exhibit C
Exhibit C (Color)
Exhibit D
Exhibit E (Present Day)
400 E Gravis
San Diego, TX 78384
Phone: (361) 279-6208
https://www.facebook.com/DuvalCountyTx/?fref=ts
Useful Maps
▲
County Boundary
Precinct Maps
School Districts
Zoom In by Double Clicking Left Mouse Button or go to bottom right of map and click the + sign
Zoom Out by double clicking the Right Mouse Button or go to bottom right of map and click the - sign
Transportation Information
▲
For scheduling please call: (361)-279-6116
How to find us.
Duval County Courthouse
400 E Gravis
San Diego, TX 78384
How to reach us.
Phone: (361) 279-6208
Google Map Loading...
Provided by the Texas Association of Counties
Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
{{COUNTY}}
{{STATE}}
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
