Welcome to Kerr County Texas | Kerr County | Kerrville, TX
Payments
/
Code Red
/
Careers
/
Elections
Departments
Adult Probation
AgriLife Extension
Animal Control
Bail Bond Board
Commissioners' Court
Constables
County Attorney
County Auditor
County Clerk
County Court at Law
County Engineer
County Judge
County Surveyor
County Treasurer
6th Judicial Region
Court Information
District Attorney - 216th
District Attorney - 198th
District Clerk
District Courts
Elections & Voting
Emergency Management
Emergency Services
Environmental Health
Facilities
Historical Commission
Human Resources
Indigent Health Services
Information Technology
Jury Service
Justice of the Peace Pct 1
Justice of the Peace Pct 2
Justice of the Peace Pct 3
Justice of the Peace Pct 4
Juvenile Probation
Law Library
Magistrate Court
Maintenance
Probate Court
Photo Galleries
Public Relations
Public Notices
Public Records
Road & Bridge
Sheriff's Office
Tax Assessor - Collector
Veterans Service
Victims Services
Meet Kerr County
News
Events
Menu
Departments
Meet Kerr County
News
Events
Kerr County Courthouse CLOSED
Courthouse Offices Relocating; To Open Later This Week
The Kerr County Courthouse is CLOSED to the public.
Due to severe flood damage on the lower level of the Kerr County Courthouse, all offices housed in the courthouse have been relocated to other county facilities.
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC:
Need to know where to find us? Here are the following 3 major public-facing offices providing public services:
KERR COUNTY TAX OFFICE - The Kerr County Tax Assessor-Collector's Office is now open to the public in the West Kerr County Courthouse Annex, 510 College Street in Ingram. It can be reached by calling 830-792-2241. Hours are: 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m., Mondays through Fridays
KERR COUNTY CLERK'S OFFICE - Those who need services provided by the Kerr County Clerk can find that office in the the Hill Country Youth Event Center, 3785 TX27 in Kerrville, by entering on the far right-side of the building. It can be reached by phone at 830-792-2255. Hours are 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m., Mondays through Fridays.
KERR COUNTY DISTRICT CLERK'S OFFICE - Citizens needing services in the Kerr County District Clerk's Office can find it in its temporary home at the Hill Country Youth Event Center, 3785 TX27 in Kerrville, by entering the far left-side of the building where the "Office" sign is located. It can be reachedby phone at 830-792-2281. Hours are 7:30 a.m.-4 p.m., Mondays through Fridays.
OTHER COUNTY OFFICES:
At this time, all other county offices are inaccessible to the public in temporary quarters that are restricted to employee-only entry.
Looking to Repair or Rebuild?
Kerr County Engineering has expanded its
Flood Damage Resource Page
to provide official and helpful guidance to those suffering property damage from either flood and who are facing the challenge of either repairs or rebuilding for a first time or yet
again.
Check it out! And check back often as this page is expected to have added content soon.
JURY/COURT Announcements
Due to the courthouse being closed, jury selection and hearings have been rescheduled for alternate locations. Please refer to departmental pages on this website or visit the Kerr County, Texas page on Facebook for current announcements.
Debris Removal
The county is actively working to implement a safe, effective debris removal plan. Details to come. Our top priority is the safety and well-being of our citizens. Following last year's flood, debris removal was conducted in record-breaking time, but even then it took 3 weeks to get going, said Kerr County Commissioner (Pct. 4) Don Harris. "We appreciate everyone's patience on this."
Residents
can
act now to sort their debris and put at the road's edge (not in the roadway) in separate stacks according to material -- vegetative, electronics, large appliances, etc. NO DUMPING will be allowed, according to Kerr County Sheriff Larry Leitha. When they are determined, further details of the debris removal plan will e announced. Stay tuned!
2026 Flood Disaster Declaration & Extension
Disaster was first declared by Kerr County Judge Rob Kelly in the early morning hours of Thursday, July 16. It was extended by the Kerr County Commissioners' Court on Wednesday, July 22, in an emergency meeting held at the former Municipal Court building, 301 McFarland in Kerrville (since the courthouse is closed due to flood damage.) The declaration will now will remain in place until removed.
July 22, 2026 - Kerr County, Texas Disaster Declaration Extension (PDF)
July 16, 2026 - Kerr County, Texas Flash Flood Disaster Declaration and
County Judge's Letter to Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (PDF)
Report Damage from Flood
'No Matter How Small'
Kerr County Judge Rob Kelly and Commissioners urge residents to report any level of flood damaged sustained to your home, business or agricultural property.
Do so by using the TDEM’s Individual State of Texas Assistance Tool (iSTAT)portal, found at
damage.tdem.texas.gov
or by using your phone to scan this QR code:
This helps inform officials of the extent of damages, aids in connecting Texans with available services and helps determine the state’s eligibility for various forms of federal disaster assistance.
Please only submit one survey per affected address.
A minimum of
1 photo
is required with the submission, but users can enter up to 10 photos per submission.
As a reminder, reporting damages is a voluntary activity, is not a substitute for reporting damage to your insurance agency, and does not guarantee disaster relief assistance. If you have insurance, contact your insurance provider.
New World Screwworm
What You Need to Know
New World Screwworm (NWS) is a parasitic fly that poses a serious threat to livestock, exotic livestock, fowl and exotic fowl in Texas.
NWS flies lay eggs in wounds or soft tissues of live warm-blooded animals; the larvae hatch and burrow into living tissue, leading to the painful condition NWS myiasis. As the infestation worsens and the wounds become larger, it can cause serious injury, secondary infection and possibly death if not treated.
Due to the detection of New World Screwworm in neighboring Gillespie County, some areas of Kerr, as well as Kimble County, have been grouped with part of Gillespie County into Infested Zone #03.
To protect the health of animals in this state, reduce the spread of NWS to non-infested animals, and prevent NWS from establishing in new areas, a quarantine has been imposed by the Texas Animal Health Commission and animal movements are restricted.
Please see the full details, as detailed by the Texas Animal Health Commission, in the official order in the downloadable/viewable document below:
Order Declaring Animal Movement Restrictions (PDF)
DECLARING DISASTER
Judge Rob Kelly first signed a Kerr County Declaration of Disaster on June 19, 2026 and emailed Texas Governor Greg Abbott about the New World Screwworm situation.
Initial Kerr County Disaster Declaration for New World Screwworm (PDF)
Then, as is required by law within 7 days, the Kerr County Commissioners' Court approved an extension of the disaster declaration during their Monday, June 22, meeting.
Disaster Declaration Extension by Kerr County Commissioners' Court (PDF)
AFFECTED ZONES
To see an interactive map from the Texas Animal Health Commission click the following link:
TAHC Screwworm Interactive Map
Not sure where you are in proximity to the infected or surveillance zones? You can type your exact physical address in the map and it'll show you.
SCREWWORM FACTS:
Did you know that screwworms do NOT pose a food safety issue? The USDA states the parasite cannot spread through the consumption of meat, poultry or dairy product.
Screwworms are not a contagious disease or virus. Transmission only occurs when female screwworm flies lay eggs directly in an open wound or exposed mucous membrane of a warm-blooded animal.
For more
FACTS
and detailed information, visit:
Screwworm.gov
REPORT A CASE:
To report a suspected case of screwworm maggots in a wound on a warm-blooded animal, call:
LIVESTOCK
-
1-800-550-8242 (TAHC)
NATIVE WILDLIFE - 512-389-4505 (TPWD)
Note: No need to report flies.
Public Notices
Read All Public Notices
Public Notice of Logic and Accuracy Test for Electronic Pollbook Equipment
2025 Tax Rate Summary - Kerr County, Texas
2025-2026 Kerr County ADOPTED Budget
2025 - Tax Impact Statements
2025 - Truth in Taxation Calculation Worksheets
2025 - Notice About Kerr County Tax Rate
2025 - Truth in Taxation Summary - Kerr County, Texas
2025 - Truth in Taxation Information - Kerr County, Texas - Disaster Rate
2025-2026 - Kerr County Elected Officials' Salaries
Open Records Request
Upcoming Events
View More Events
KERR COUNTY BURN BAN STATUS
(EFFECTIVE Tuesday morning, July 14, 2026)
The burn ban is now LIFTED in all of Kerr County, Texas. Again, the ban on open-flame, outdoor burning is lifted in Kerr County Precincts 1, 2, 3 and 4.
𝗨𝗣𝗗𝗔𝗧𝗘𝗦
For up-to-date burn ban information:
* 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 the county's Facebook page to get notifications.
https://www.facebook.com/kerrcountytexas
* 𝗩𝗶𝘀𝗶𝘁 this page often!
*𝗖𝗮𝗹𝗹 either of the 2 burn ban hotlines:
𝟴𝟯𝟬-𝟳𝟵𝟮-𝗛𝗘𝗔𝗧 (𝟰𝟯𝟮𝟴)
or
𝟴𝟯𝟬-𝟯𝟭𝟱-𝗕𝗨𝗥𝗡 (𝟮𝟴𝟳𝟲)
Any questions pertaining to the burn ban may be directed to the Kerr County Commissioners' Court at 830-792-2215.
Latest County News
July 31st, 2026
Looking to Repair/Rebuild? Kerr County Expands Resource Page
Are you suffering property damages for the first time? Or, is it an unfortunate repeat of last year? Regardless the scenario, Kerr County Engineering has expanded its Flood Damage Resource Page to provide you with helpful information on permits and steps to take next.
Read More
July 27th, 2026
Destroyed specimen becomes 7th positive rabies case
A skunk in a residential yard on Ranchero Road in Kerrville that was killed by the family's dogs was considered by the zoological lab too destroyed to properly test, so by law it must be recorded as a "positive" rabies case for Kerr County. It becomes the 7th case of the year.
Read More
July 19th, 2026
*** Road Closure Notice ***
Cade Loop Bridge in Ingram is closed to all vehicular traffic.
For photos of the bridge damages, click the "Read More" button below.
Read More
ALL POSTS
Quick Links
County Clerk
Learn More
Voting & Elections
Learn More
Tax Office
Learn More
District Courts
Learn More
Sheriff's Office
Learn More
Kerr County Facebook
Learn More
In the Heart of the Texas Hill Country. Established 1856.
Meet Kerr County
Site Map
Elections
News
Commissioners' Court
District Courts
User Login
Employee Email
Copyright © 2026 KERR County.
All Rights Reserved.
