Elections Home | Mitchell County, TX
Skip Navigation
HOME
SITEMAP
TRANSLATE
Search
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Government
County Judge
Commissioners Court
County Clerk
County Attorney
County Auditor
County Treasurer
Tax Assessor-Collector
Justice of the Peace
Sheriff
32nd District Court
District Attorney
District Clerk
Departments
Appraiser
Court Collections
Elections
Elections - Home
2026 Elections
Past Elections
Run for Office
Probation
Financial Transparency
Public Notices
County Calendar
Public Notices
Foreclosure Notices
How Do I...
Register to Vote
Pay a Citation Online
Search Official County Records
Elections
Mitchell County Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Elections & Voting
Elections - Home
2026 Elections
Past Elections
Run for Office
Agrilife Extension
Library
Online Court Payments
Job Openings
Foreclosure Notices
Voter Registrar
Teresa Hughes
438 East 2nd Street
Colorado City, TX 79512
thughes@co.mitchell.tx.us
(325) 728-2606
County Clerk
Janine Lemons
349 Oak Street, Room 103
Colorado City, TX 79512
jlemons@co.mitchell.tx.us
(325) 728-3481
Election Resources
From finding out if you are registered to vote
to what's on the ballot,
VOTETEXAS.GOV
is your one-stop resource
for voting information.
Texas Election Results
(Resultados De Las Elecciones De Texas)
Election Information & Turnout Data
(Información Electoral Y Datos De Participación)
Texas Election Training Portal
Poll Watcher's Guide (state.tx.us)
Handbook for Election Judges and Clerks (Texas.gov)
Register to Vote
Check to see if you are registered to vote:
Am I registered to Vote in Texas?
SOS 101: Voter Registration in Texas - YouTube
If you are registered, but you need to update your name or address:
Update Your Voter Registration Name or Address
You will need your Voter Unique Identifier (VUID) which you can get by clicking the Am I Registered to Vote link above.
The county must receive your voter registration application at least 30 days before an election.
Ways to Register to Vote:
In person.
Voter Registrar's office, 438 E. 2nd Street, Colorado City, TX 79512
Online/Print and Mail.
Fill out your voter registration application online here:
How to Register
Print, sign, and mail it to the Voter Registrar's office.
With a VDR (Volunteer Deputy Registrar).
A VDR can provide you the form to fill out and deliver your completed form to the Voter Registrar office.
You will have an opportunity to register to vote when you get your driver's license renewed.
Photo ID at the Polls
Bring one of the seven allowed forms of photo ID when you vote; the most common one is your Texas driver's license.
Click here to see the seven forms of voter ID.
Voters who do not possess and cannot reasonably obtain one of these photo IDs may fill out a Reasonable Impediment Declaration (RID) (PDF) at the polls and present an alternative form of ID, such as a utility bill, bank statement, government check, or voter registration postcard.
More information about voting in person at VoteTexas.gov
SOS 101: Casting & Counting Your Ballot - YouTube
Early Voting
Texas is a pioneer in early voting, having become the first U.S. state to offer in-person early voting in the 1980s.
You do not have to meet any special qualifications to vote early in person
– if you are registered and qualified to vote on Election Day, you can also cast a ballot during the early voting period. This enables Texas voters to cast their ballot in the days and weeks before an election to make the voting process more convenient and accessible.
Ballot by Mail (Vote Absentee)
▲
Mitchell County Application for Ballot by Mail
(Solicitud de boleta por corre
)
Ballot by Mail Information
SOS 101: Voting by Mail in Texas - YouTube
Federal Voting Assistance Program
for Service members, their families and overseas citizens
Ballot By Mail Tracker
To track the status of your ballot by mail application or ballot
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Know Your Rights as a Texas Voter
▲
HEY, YOU HAVE RIGHTS!
As a registered voter in Texas, you have the right to:
A ballot with written instructions on how to cast a ballot.
Ask the polling place official for instructions on how to cast a ballot (but not suggestions on how to vote).
Cast your vote in secret and free from intimidation.
Receive up to two more ballots if you make a mistake while marking the ballot.
Bring an interpreter to assist you as you qualify to vote if you do not understand the English language.
Help to cast your ballot if you cannot write, see the ballot, or understand the language in which it is written.
Report a possible voting rights abuse to the Secretary of State (1.800.252.8683) or to your local election official.
Cast a provisional ballot if your name does not appear on the list of registered voters.
(1) Cast a provisional ballot
(a) if you do not possess one of the seven (7) acceptable forms of photo identification, which, if you are under 70, is not expired for more than four years, and you can reasonably obtain one of these forms of identification or
(b) if you possess, but did not bring to the polling place, one of the seven forms of acceptable photo identification, which, if you are under 70, is not expired for more than four years, or
(c) if you do not possess one of the seven forms of acceptable photo identification, which, if you are under 70, is not expired for more than four years, you could otherwise not reasonably obtain one, but you did not bring a supporting form of identification to the polling place, and
(2) the right to present one of the acceptable forms of photo identification, which, if you are under 70, is not expired for more than four years, or, if you do not possess and cannot reasonably obtain an acceptable form of photo identification, the right to execute a reasonable impediment declaration and present one of the supporting forms of identification, to the county voter registrar’s office, within six (6) calendar days after election day, or, if applicable, qualify for a temporary (natural disaster or religious objection to being photographed) or permanent (disability) exemption, within six (6) calendar days of election day, at the county voter registrar’s office.
Vote once at any early voting location during the early voting period within the territory conducting the election.
File an administrative complaint with the Secretary of State concerning violations of federal and state voting procedures.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Sign Up For Text
Notifications
▲
TextMyGov - Sign up for text notifications
For Election Notifications, text "MITCHELL CO ELECTIONS" to 91896
For Clerk Notifications, text "MITCHELL CO CLERK" to 91896
What to Expect:
You may receive multiple text messages a month for each alert category opted-in to.
You can text STOP at any time to remove yourself from ALL notification groups.
Text us for information! Text Hi to 325.242.8700
View terms and privacy policy info
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Voting System / Sistema de Votación
▲
Click Links Below To View Video
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Help with Elections
Interested in becoming an Election Worker?
Interested in becoming a Student Clerk?
Address
Mitchell County Courthouse
349 Oak Street
Colorado City, TX 79512
Contact
Main: (325) 728-8439
Useful Links
Nondiscrimination
Disclaimer
Report Problem
Web Accessibility
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
Mitchell County, Texas. All rights reserved.
Provided by the
Texas Association of Counties
(opens in a new tab)
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
(opens in a new tab)
TM
