Brazos County, TX - Official Website | Official Website
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Courts
Jobs
Health District
Phone & Email Directory
County Projects
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government
Departments
Online Services
How Do I?
Search
Brazos County is a wonderful place to live and work.
County Announcements
Agendas
& Minutes
Employment
County Projects
Budget Adoption, Tax Rate / Budget Notices
Tax Rate
Information
Justice Web: Court Records / Hearings
Quick Resources
Road
Notifications Map
Bids, RFPs,
& RFQs
Financial Reports
and Budgets
Court Dockets
FAQs
Open Government
/ Transparency
Holidays
Staff Directory
Tax Payment
Elections
Burn Ban Status
Open Records
Requests
Stay informed with Brazos County
Latest County Headlines
Texas Ave. Traffic Alert
Starting September 7, the outside southbound lane of Texas Avenue will be closed between 27th and 28th streets as the Brazos County Administration Building remodel continues along that side of the building.
See a map of the closure...
Notice of Public Hearing on Tax Increase
A Public Hearing on the Proposed Tax Rate will be held on Sept. 1, 2026 at 9:15 a.m. in the Brazos County Commissioners Courtroom, 200 S. Texas Ave., Bryan, TX 77803.
See the notice...
Watch: Presentation on Factors Affecting Proposed Tax Rates
Determining how to set a Brazos County tax rate each year is quite an involved process. County Auditor Marci Turner presented to commissioners the factors involved and how different rates would affect Maintenance and Operations (M&O) in the future.
Watch the presentation...
Notice of Public Hearing on County Clerk Archival Fund
Commissioners Court will hold a public hearing to consider a plan for the County Clerk Records Management and Archival Fund on Aug. 4, 2026 at 9 a.m. at the Brazos County Administration Building, 200 S. Texas Ave., Suite 106, Bryan, TX 77803.
Read the full notice...
View Agendas and Minutes: New Web Portal
Starting with the July 7, 2026 Commissioners Court meetings, agendas and minutes will be in our new Agenda Management System. You can still view agendas and minutes from past meetings in our Laserfiche Archives and our old system while still available.
View agendas and minutes...
Notice of Consideration of Approval of an Amendment to Tax Abatement Agreement
The Commissioners Court will consider the approval of an amendment concerning an assignment of a tax abatement agreement entered into with RELLIS Campus Data and Research Center, LLC, originally approved on April 29, 2025, at 10 a.m. on Aug. 18, 2026.
Read the notice...
Stay Updated on the New World Screwworm
As stories continue to emerge regarding the New World Screwworm, Brazos County encourages each of you to stay apprised of the latest information via the Texas A&M AgriLife Extension Service.
Get latest updates...
Brazos County Completes Employee Compensation and Benefits Study
The study evaluated employee compensation using objective market data and comparisons to similar organizations. The purpose was simple: ensure that Brazos County remains a competitive employer while being responsible stewards of taxpayer resources.
Read more about the study...
Aquifers 101: Let's Talk About Water
Have questions about our water supply? Worried about data centers coming to our area? Then come hear Alan Day, General Manager of the Brazos Valley Groundwater Conservation District, discuss these topics and more at the Brazos Center on June 30 at 6 p.m.
Read more...
Judge Peters Issues Disaster Declaration in Advance of Winter Storm
This declaration will assist in accessing state resources, if needed, to alleviate emergency situations caused by the potential ice storm.
Read about the declaration...
Auditor's Office Honored for Financial Reporting Excellence
The Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada (GFOA) has awarded the Certificate of Achievement for Excellence in Financial Reporting to Brazos County for its annual comprehensive financial report.
Read the news release...
Commissioners Approve Additional Funds for Food Bank
In response to the federal government shutdown and its effect on those receiving benefits to combat food insecurity, the Brazos County Commissioners have unanimously approved providing an additional $25,000 to the Brazos Valley Food Bank.
Read the full release...
New Meeting Dates for Brazos County Commissioners Court
Beginning in October 2025, the Brazos County Commissioners Court will have regularly scheduled meetings twice a month instead of once a week.
View the Schedule...
Landowner’s Bill of Rights
This Landowner’s Bill of Rights applies to any attempt by the government or a private entity to take your property.
Read on...
/CivicAlerts.aspx
View All News
Keep informed with Brazos County
Stay Connected with the County
Stay Connected!
Notify Me allows you to subscribe to an unlimited number of email lists. Receive email or text message updates regarding the information you have requested.
Read on...
/CivicAlerts.aspx
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Other
Facebook
County of Brazos Facebook Page
/QuickLinks.aspx
Twitter
County of Brazos Twitter Page
/QuickLinks.aspx
YouTube
County of Brazos YouTube Page
/QuickLinks.aspx
Other
County of Brazos Facebook Page
County of Brazos Twitter Page
County of Brazos YouTube Page
/QuickLinks.aspx
Contact Us
County of Brazos
300 E 26th Street
Bryan, TX 77803
Email the County of Brazos
More contact info »
Quick Links
Brazos Votes
Judicial Records Search
Request Brazos County Birth, Death, and/or Marriage Certificate
Land Records
/QuickLinks.aspx
Helpful Links
Brazos Firefighters
Outdoor Burning Ordinance
Texas Law Help
Texas Forest Service
/QuickLinks.aspx
Contact Us
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
Government Websites by CivicPlus®
/QuickLinks.aspx
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
