Bexar County, TX - Official Website | Official Website
Skip to Main Content
Accessibility
Information
Government
Justice
Residents
Businesses
Online Services
Search
Voting in Bexar County
Pay Property Taxes
Marriage License
Jury Duty
2025-26 Adopted Budget
Latest News
[rotating image slideshow removed for determinism]
View All Spotlights
/CivicAlerts.aspx
Bexar County Animal Care
»
Find a new pet, foster a cat or dog, volunteer or donate and support Bexar County's Animal Facility.
#adoptdontshop
Learn more about Bexar County Animal Care
View All News
/CivicAlerts.aspx
Welcome to Bexar County
Founded over 300 years ago, Bexar County is steeped in rich history and tradition with historical locations such as the Bexar County Courthouse; the Alamo and the other four Missions of San Antonio, a UNESCO-designated World Heritage Site; Casa Navarro; and San Pedro Creek Cultural Park, among others.
Today, Bexar County is the 4th largest county in Texas and the 16th largest county nationally with a rapidly growing population of over two million. Home of the first ever digital library, BiblioTech, Bexar County is focused on the future with modernization efforts such as bringing broadband countywide and making more services accessible online.
As Bexar County grows larger, the role of county government continues to be an integral part in our daily lives. County officials provide a measure of local decision-making over important matters that affect our families and our communities.
Learn more about the role Bexar County plays.
Transparency
Bexar County is committed to providing open and transparent government to improve your access to Bexar County information. We encourage you to gain knowledge of your government and participate in public discussion. Explore our page dedicated to transparency and get into the details of Bexar County's finances with the financial dashboard.
Bexar County Transparency
Bexar County Financials Dashboard
Government
Commissioners Court Broadcast & Agenda
Bexar County Budgets
FY 2025-26 Adopted Budget (PDF)
FY 2025-26 Proposed Budget Presentation (PDF)
Bexar County Financials Dashboard
Collective Bargaining Agreement (PDF)
Employment with Bexar County
American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA) Spending
/QuickLinks.aspx
Courts & Related
Courts Portal
Inmate Visitation
Inmate Money/Care Packages
Online Court Dockets
Jail Activity Reports
Recent Arrest Search
Central Magistrate Stream (when in session)
Booking and Release Satellite Office
/QuickLinks.aspx
Records & Reports
Real Property & Land Records
Public Records Search
Open Records Requests
Voter Registration Check
More Reports, Records, & Searches
/QuickLinks.aspx
Residents
Tax Information
2025 Tax Rate Notice (PDF)
Vehicle Registration
Pay Tickets/Citations
Marriage Forms
Divorce Forms
Animal Control
For Businesses
/QuickLinks.aspx
Commissioners Court
Peter Sakai
Bexar County Judge
Rebeca Clay-FLores
Precinct 1 Commissioner
Justin Rodriguez
Precinct 2 Commissioner
Grant Moody
Precinct 3 Commissioner
Tommy Calvert
Precinct 4 Commissioner
Find Your Precinct
The My Bexar Community Dashboard application helps you identify your local, County, State, and Federal representation as well as other useful information. Simply click on the map, then use your current location or enter an address including city or ZIP code. Scroll through the information at the bottom of the map to find your representatives and other resources.
Check out the My Bexar Community Dashboard
Upcoming Events
July 2026
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
28
29
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
Tue, Jul 28
Technical Advisory Committee for Persons with Disabilities
View All Events
/Calendar.aspx
County Resources
How do I register to do business with Bexar County?
Go to the Supplier Portal/Vendor Registration web site to complete the registration process.
Learn more about the registration process.
How does a nonprofit or local housing organization apply for funding from Bexar County?
Various programs exist to assist federally registered nonprofits. To find out more review
ECD's Notice of Funding Availability
. Additionally each Bexar Commissioners Court member has $400,000 per year to allocate in outside agency funding. Those requests can be made to the individual elected official's office.
Where can I find Bexar County job postings?
To see the list of openings and information on how to apply, go to the
Job Opportunities website
where you can search via job title, salary, and other parameters.
Where can I park when I come to the Courthouse?
The Bexar County Parking Garage is located at 211 S. Flores Street. Weekday rates range from $5 to $12 depending on length of stay. Parking for jurors is $3 with a validated parking ticket. There are also several surface lots on W. Nueva St., as well as metered spaces on surrounding streets.
How do I reserve a Bexar County park facility?
To rent a pavilion or meeting space at one of the County's parks or Civic Centers, visit the
Parks and Recreation website
and select the facility you are interested in for rate and capacity limits. Reservations can be made online.
How do I sign up to speak at Commissioners Court?
Anyone can speak for up to three minutes at Commissioners Court. You will be asked to complete a form as your enter the courtroom. Court is typically held every other Tuesday at 9:00 AM at the Double Height Courtroom (Room 2.01 on the second floor) in the Bexar County Courthouse (100 Dolorosa, San Antonio, TX 78205).
The meeting schedule can be downloaded here.
What number do I call to report stray animals in unincorporated Bexar County?
Bexar County Animal Control can be reached at 210-335-6000 during business hours. After hours calls go to the Sheriff's Office at 210-335-6000. Strays inside San Antonio city limits can be reported at 210-207-6000.
Where is the San Pedro Creek Culture Park and what amenities does it offer?
The linear park is located on the West side of downtown stretching more than two miles from the San Antonio Independent School District office at the north end adjacent to IH-35 to S. Alamo Street by Ruby City at the southern terminus. Murals, fountains, sculptures, nature information, historic data, and community space are positioned along the trail. Free parking is available at several locations. For more information, visit the
San Pedro Creek Culture Park website
.
What is BiblioTech and how do I get involved?
BiblioTech is Bexar County's digital library system, which is free to all county residents and employees. Ebooks, audiobooks, music, and movies are available. There are also several physical locations around the county providing study rooms, public computers, reading devices, and printers. For more information on how the digital divide is being addressed, visit the
BiblioTech website
.
Where is the Bexar County Heritage Center and what items does it contain?
The free museum is located on the first floor of the Bexar County Courthouse. It consists of multimedia exhibits, in-depth narratives, and interpretative panels from Bexar County's Spanish Colonial origins to modern times. For more information, visit the
Heritage Center website
.
How do I file an Open Records request with Bexar County?
Bexar County has an open records portal where requests can be submitted online. For more information on how to request information through either the County Manager's office or the Sheriff's office, visit the
open records request portal
.
How do I find the annual budget for Bexar County?
Adopted county budgets for the past 10+ years can be found on the
Budget & Finance website
.
What is the difference between Bexar County Commissioners Court and the City of San Antonio City Council?
Bexar County Commissioners Court
consists of the Bexar County Judge and four commissioners, one for each precinct. It takes a majority of the Court (three votes) for a measure to be approved. Each of the five court members serves a four-year term. There are no term limits. The Judge is the presiding officer. Coverage area includes the 26 municipalities in the county as well as the unincorporated areas in Bexar County.
City Council consists of the Mayor and 10 city councilmembers, one for each district. All 11 serve four-year terms, with a limit of two terms. Six votes constitutes a majority. The mayor is the presiding officer. Coverage area is specific to the City of San Antonio.
/FAQ.aspx
Contact Us
BEXAR COUNTY COURTHOUSE
100 Dolorosa, San Antonio, TX 78205
Phone:
210-335-2011
Weather Line:
210-335-2258
Bexar County Directory
Quick Links
Mission Statement
County Departments & Offices
Public Information Office
Press Releases
Transparency
Financials Dashboard
Bexar County Holidays
Bexar County Calendars
Bexar County Subscriptions
/QuickLinks.aspx
Helpful Links
Home
Contact Us
Job Opportunities
Accessibility
Title VI / Nondiscrimination Policy
Open Records Request
EEOP Short Form
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
If you use assistive technology (such as a Braille reader, a screen reader, or TTY) and the format of any material on this Web site interferes with your ability to access information, please
contact us
. To enable us to respond in a manner most helpful to you, please indicate the nature of your accessibility problem, the preferred format in which to receive the material, the Web address of the requested material, and your contact information. Users who need accessibility assistance can also contact us by phone through the Federal Information Relay Service at 1-800-877-8339 for TTY/Voice communication.
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
