Voter Registration | Williamson County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Government
Residents
Departments
Business
How Do I...
Search
Home
Departments
Elections
Voter Registration
Voter Registration
Voter Registration Certificates
You do not need to present your card to vote, you simply need your photo ID. The current certificates are orange and white and expire December 31, 2027. You can check your registration status and voting precinct at
VoteTexas.gov
.
Learn more about Voter ID requirements here:
Voter ID Information | Williamson County, TX
To request a replacement certificate please email
[email protected]
or call 512-943-1630.
Voter Registration Information
In order to vote, you must be registered. Applications must be submitted at least 30 days before the election date.
In Texas, citizens do not register by political party, but simply register in their county of current residence.
You are eligible to register to vote if:
You are a United States citizen;
You are a resident of the county where you submit the application;
You are at least 17 years and 10 months of age;
You are not a convicted felon (unless you have completed your sentence including any incarceration, probation, or parole); and
You have not been declared by a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be either totally mentally incapacitated or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote.
Are you registered?
To check your voter registration status, find your polling site, or view your sample ballot (during election times)
click here
Version Options Voter Registration Headline
.
Register to Vote (new Williamson County voters)
Change Name or Address (currently registered to vote in Texas)
Additional resources are available at
VoteTexas.gov
Deadline to Register to Vote
New Voter Registration and any changes to your registration must be submitted by thirty days prior to Election Day to be effective for that election.
If you missed the deadline, but are registered in another Texas county, you may be eligible to vote a Limited Ballot. A limited ballot contains the races that are in common between your old county and your new county (including any federal and statewide races). This is only available during Early Voting and only at our main polling location. The limited ballot location will be indicated on the list of Early Voting sites on our website.
Register to Vote
Update Your Registration
Volunteer Deputy Registrar
Request Voter List
Information for First Time Voters
Voter ID Information
Voters with Disabilities
Budget & Tax Rate Info
Records
Tax Office
Elections
Court / Jail Lookup
Employment
Contact Us
Find County Offices & Facilities
Phone:
512-943-1100
Quick Links
Editor Sign-in
Commissioners Court
Veteran Services
Voter Registration
Public Information Request
Compliance
/QuickLinks.aspx
Helpful Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
