Tyler County, Texas
Skip Navigation
Tyler County Texas
HOME
CONTACT US
TRANSLATE
GO
Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Home
County Departments
County Judge
County Auditor
Commissioners Court
County Attorney
County Clerk
Bio
Civil
Jurisdictional Limit $10,000
Occupational License
Criminal Misdemeanors
Criminal Fine Payment Instructions
Criminal Records Request Instructions
Election Information
Fees
Noncompliance Fees
Military Discharge
Official Public Records
Brands/Marks
DBA
Filing Requirements
Records Request Instructions
Probate
Probate Fees
Vital Statistics
Birth Certificates/Death Certificates
Marriage License
Voter Registration
County Treasurer
County Tax Assessor/Collector
Constable
Sheriff
Justice of The Peace
Forms
Veterans Services
Extension Office
Human Resources
Job Application
Adult Probation
Juvenile
District Court
District Clerk
District Attorney
County Court
Dockets
Juror Information
Financial Transparency
Transparency Information
Accounts Payable Reports
Annual Financial Reports
ARPA Funds
Budgets
Budget Procedures
Debt Obligations
How Property is Valued
Tax Information for 2023
Tax Rate
Treasurer Reports
Utility Reports
Public Notices to Residents
Public Notices
Foreclosures
County Regulations/Ordinances
Tyler County Building Permit Requirements
Game Room Guidelines/Application
Subdivision Regulations Amended (11-13-23)
Manufactured Homes Infrastructure Requirements
Commissioners Court
Agendas
Minutes
Fair Housing Information
Tax Abatement
Tax Abatement Guidelines & Criteria
Tax Abatement Application
Election Information
Employment Opportunities
Job Openings
Emergency Management
Emergency Management Operations
Local Emergency Planning Committee
Genasys - Tyler County Alert System
Points of Distribution
Hurricane Evacuation
Disaster Assistance
SBA Loan Program
Flood Plain Management
Links
Open Records Request
Current Operating Budget
Bids & Proposals
Social Services
Contact Us
Downloadable Forms
Application for Ballot by Mail
Application for Registration
Change of Address
Statement of Residence
Voter Registration
Contact:
Roxanne Hart
Deputy Voter Registrar
Kimberly Murray
Chief Deputy
Phone:
(409) 283-2281
Email: rjhart.cc@co.tyler.tx.us
LAST DAY TO REGISTER TO VOTE-MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2026- for the
Tuesday, March 3, 2026 Primary Election
"
Click Here
" to see important election dates
For Online Registration
http://votetexas.gov/register-to-vote/
This must be printed out, completed and mailed to the county clerk's office.
Changes to Registration
To change name, address or register locally, please download the appropriate form from the left, print, complete, sign and email to:
countyclerk.cc@co.tyler.tx.us
or mail to:
Tyler County Clerk
Voter Registrar
116 South Charlton Street
Woodville, Texas 75979
When registering to vote please make sure to include your
911 physical
address as well as your
mailing address
if they are different.
If you need your
911 physical
address please contact:
911 Addressing Deputy Clerk
Chantel James
116 South Charlton
Woodville, Texas 75979
Phone:
(409) 283-2281
Email:
911addressing@co.tyler.tx.us
Website:
http://www.detcog.org
You may
not
register to vote:
1.    if you have been finally convicted of a felony.
2.    if a felon, you must have completed all of your punishment including any term of incarceration, parole, supervision, period of probation.
3.    if you have not been pardoned
4.    or have not been determined by a final judgment of a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be totally mentally incapacitate or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote.
Sec. 11.002. QUALIFIED VOTER. (a) In this code, "qualified voter" means a person who:
(1) is 18 years of age or older;
(2) is a United States citizen;
(3) has not been determined by a final judgment of a court exercising probate jurisdiction to
be:
(A) totally mentally incapacitated; or
(B) partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote;
(4) has not been finally convicted of a felony or, if so convicted, has:
(A) fully discharged the person's sentence, including any term of incarceration,
parole, or supervision, or completed a period of probation ordered by any court; or
(B) been pardoned or otherwise released from the resulting disability to vote;
(5) is a resident of this state; and
(6) is a registered voter.
(b) For purposes of Subsection (a)(4), a person is not considered to have been finally convicted of an offense for which the criminal proceedings are deferred without an adjudication of guilt.
Acts 1985, 69th Leg., ch. 211, Sec. 1, eff. Jan. 1, 1986. Amended by Acts 1987, 70th Leg., ch. 54, Sec. 23, eff. Sept. 1, 1987; Acts 1991, 72nd Leg., ch. 16, Sec. 6.01, eff. Aug. 26, 1991; Acts 1993, 73rd Leg., ch. 916, Sec. 27, eff. Sept. 1, 1993; Acts 1997, 75th Leg., ch. 850, Sec. 1, eff. Sept. 1, 1997.
Amended by:
Acts 2007, 80th Leg., R.S., Ch. 614 (H.B.
417
), Sec. 22, eff. September 1, 2007.
Acts 2011, 82nd Leg., R.S., Ch. 744 (H.B.
1226
), Sec. 1, eff. June 17, 2011
Acceptable Identification
At this time, proper valid identification
is not required
to
register
to vote but a voter
must show
one of the following forms of
photo identification
at the polling location before the voter may be accepted for voting during Early Voting and on Election Day:
Texas Driver's License issued by the Department of Public Safety (DPS)
Texas Election Identification Certificate issued by DPS
Texas Personal Identification Card issued by DPS
Texas Concealed Handgun License issued by DPS
United States Military Identification Card containing the person's photograph
United States Citizenship Certificate containing the person's photograph
United States Passport
If you do not have a valid form of photo identification, you may apply for a
free election identification card
at your local Texas Department of Public Safety office.
Exemption:
Voters with a disability may apply with the county voter registrar for a permanent exemption.  The application must contain written documentation from either the US Social Security Administration evidencing the applicant's disability, or from the US Department of Veterans Affairs evidencing a disability rating of at least 50 percent.  In addition, the applicant must state that he or she has no valid form of photo identification.  Those who obtain a disability exemption will be allowed to vote by presenting a voter registration certificate reflecting the exemption.
Provisional Voting:
If voters do not present one of the forms of photo identification listed above and do not have a permanent disability exemption indicated on their voter registration certificates, voters may cast a provisional ballot at the polls and will have
six (6) calendar days
after election day to present a valid form of photo identification in the presence of the county voter registrar.  Voters who have a consistent religious objection to being photographed and voters who do not have any photo identification as a result of certain natural disasters as declared by the President of the United States or the Texas Governor, may vote a provisional ballot, and if they appear at the voter registrar's office within
six (6) calendar days
after election day and sign an affidavit swearing to the religious objection or natural disaster, then their ballot will be counted.
How to find us.
Tyler County Courthouse
100 West Bluff St
Woodville, TX 75979
Contact Us
Click Here
Google Map Loading...
Provided by the Texas Association of Counties
Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
{{COUNTY}}
{{STATE}}
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
