What's Allowed at the Polling Place? | Ellis County, TX Official Website
Skip to Main Content
Public Notice...
JURY SELECTION CANCELLED FOR AUGUST 14TH, 2026
Read On...
EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY ELLIS COUNTY IS UNDER A BURN BAN
Read On...
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
ARPA Training Information
Government
Stay Connected
Explore Ellis County
Search
Upcoming Elections
Voter Registration Information
Early Voting Information/ Ballot by Mail
Election Day Information
Voter With Special Needs (Assistant, Interpreter, Curbside)
Poll Worker / Volunteer Deputy Registrar Program
Documents, Forms, Links, Maps and Kids Corner
Elected Official/ Campaign Finance/ Candidate Info
Live Stream: Ballot processing
Vote Centers and Voting Equipment
Did you know? Questions and Answers
Prior Election Results
Ellis County Elections Facebook Page
Notice of Public Meetings
Home
Government
Departments
Elections
What's Allowed at the Polling Place?
What's Allowed at the Polling Place?
The 100-Foot Marker
When you go to your polling place, you will likely notice a cone or other distance marker placed 100 feet from the entrance of the building. Inside that 100 foot mark, you are not allowed to post, use or distribute any political signs or literature relating to a candidate, political party or measure.
Notice of No Electioneering or Loitering
The 20-Foot Marker
When you go to your polling place, you will also likely notice a cone or other 20 foot distance marker posted at surrounding designated curbside voting parking spaces. Inside that 20 foot mark, you are not allowed to post, use, or distribute any political signs or literature relating to a candidate, political party, or measure.
Notice of Curbside Distance Marker
Cell Phones and Other Devices
Under Texas law, persons are not allowed to use wireless communications devices within a room in which voting is taking place. Additionally, persons may not use any mechanical or electronic means of recording images or sound within 100 feet of a voting station. A voting station is the area where the voter marks the ballot. This means that persons may use wireless communication devices such as cell phones, tablets, or laptop computers outside of a room in which voting is taking place, including in areas within 100 feet of the voting stations, as long as the devices are not used to record sound or images.
Notice of Prohibition of Certain Devices within the Voting Room
Notice of Prohibition of Wireless communication Devices Recording sound or images outside the voting room and within 100 feet of the voting Stations
Devices that should not be used in the polling place include:
Cell phones
Cameras
Tablet computers
Laptop computers
Sound recorders
Any other device that may be used to record sound or images.
What I can NOT wear to the polls?
In Texas, a
person may not wear a badge, insignia, emblem, or other similar communicative device relating to a candidate, measure, or political party regardless of whether they are on the ballot or not, or to the conduct of the election, in the polling place or within 100 feet of any outside door through which a voter may enter the building in which the polling place is located.
If you are wearing apparel relating to a candidate, measure, or political party, a presiding judge has the ability to enforce the law within the 100-foot marker outside of the polling place entrance and within the polling place. You may be asked to remove or cover up your apparel before entering the buildin
g.
Please note that Section 46.03(a) of the Texas Penal Code generally prohibits a person from bringing a firearm onto the premises of a polling place. However, this prohibition does not apply to a peace officer, regardless of whether the police officer is on or off duty. The legislation allowing open carry of handguns does NOT change the law as it pertains to guns in the polling place; thus no one except licensed peace officers may carry handguns into the polling place.
Notice of No Fire Arms or Weapons Allowed
Political Sign Posting Information
Click here for this information
Jury Services
Election Results
Notify Me®
Emergency Notifications
Report a Concern
Careers
Contact Us
Courts & Administration
109 South Jackson
Waxahachie, TX 75165
Phone:
972-825-5000
Fax: 972-825-5010
Historic Courthouse
101 West Main Street
Waxahachie, TX 75165
Employee Only
Quick Links
Texas Association of Counties
Disaster Notices & Information
Road Closures
Live Commissioners Court Meeting
Auction & Estray Listings
MAPS
Report Illegal Dumping
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
//Add these styles please:
[]
