Jim Wells County
Skip Navigation
Translate
|
Sitemap
Home
Government
County Commissioners
County Financial Transparency
County Monthly News
County Performance
County Directory
Departments
Adult Probation
Commissioners Court
County Judge
Commissioner - Precinct 1
Commissioner - Precinct 2
Commissioner - Precinct 3
Commissioner - Precinct 4
Constable
County Auditor
County Attorney
County Clerk
County Court at Law
County Treasurer
County Sheriff
District Attorney
District Clerk
District Judge
Elections Office
Emergency Management
E 9-1-1 Addressing
Information Technology
Justices of the Peace
Juvenile Probation Department
Safety & Inspection Department
Tax-Assessor Collector
About Us
Vehicle Title and Registration
Texas A&M Agrilife Extension
Veteran's Service
Community
City
Alice
Ben Bolt
Premont
Orange Grove
Annual Events
Cinco de Mayo
Fiesta del Centro
Jim Wells County Fair
O. G. Pioneer Days
Museums
South Texas Museum
Orange Grove Museum
Services
Job Opportunities
E-9-1-1 Addressing
Notice of Foreclosure Sale
Pay Property Tax
Public Info Request
Public Notices
Bidding/RFP/RFQ
Vehicle Registration
Voter Registration
Contact Us
Use SPACEBAR to cycle through the dropdown menu headers
[rotating image slideshow removed for determinism]
Commissioners
Court
Agendas
& Minutes
Financial
Transparency
Public
Notices
Bidding
Announcement
Popular Links
Jim Wells County Historical Commission
Title VI Plan
Job Opportunities
Public Notices & News
Elections Administration
Notice of Foreclosure Sale
Birth/Death Record
[live weather removed for determinism]
Our New Mass Notification System
Jim Wells County, the City of Alice, and the City of Orange Grove have partnered to launch Be Alert, a new and improved mass notification system powered by Everbridge.
Be Alert allows you to receive important updates about:
Severe weather
Public safety incidents
Community events and more
You can customize your alert preferences, add multiple locations (home, work, school, etc.), and manage your own notification settings.
Where you can find more information about incidents, preparedness tips, and more.
Sign up for alerts here:
https://be-alert.info
Learn more about the system here:
https://be-alert.info/be-alert-mass-notification-system.html
Be Informed. Be Safe. Be Alert.
#BeAlert
News and Notifications
Commissioners Court Regular Meeting
Goes Live on YouTube on
August 14th, 2026 @ 9:00 A.M.
Click to view the Live Feed.
Commissioners Court Regular Meeting - August 14th, 2026
Sat, 22 Aug 2026
Jim Wells County Commissioners Court will have a Regular Meeting at the courthouse on Friday, August 14th, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. The CC Meeting can be view on the YouTube Channel Jim Wells County Commissioners at Jim Wells Commissioners Court YouTube Channel . Click here to view the Commissioner's Agenda .
Read more...
Bidding Announcement
Mon, 27 Jul 2026
2026-CJ001 - REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS FOR COUNTY JAIL EVALUATION Jim Wells County, Texas (the County ) is soliciting Requests for Qualifications ( RFQ ) from qualified firms and Teams to provide professional consulting services for a comprehensive County jail evaluation project.. For more information, go the Bidding Announcement page.
Read more...
Commissioners Court Special Meeting - May 1st, 2026
Tue, 28 Apr 2026
Jim Wells County Commissioners Court will have a Special Meeting at the courthouse on Friday, May 1st, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. The Commissioners Court Meeting can be view on the YouTube Channel Jim Wells County Commissioners at Jim Wells Commissioners Court YouTube Channel . Click here to view the Commissioner's Agenda .
Read more...
Commissioners Court Special Meeting - April 24th, 2026
Thu, 23 Apr 2026
Jim Wells County Commissioners Court will have a Special Meeting at the courthouse on Friday, April 24th, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. The CC Meeting can be view on the YouTube Channel Jim Wells County Commissioners at Jim Wells Commissioners Court YouTube Channel . Click here to view the Commissioner's Agenda .
Read more...
Bidding Announcement
Fri, 10 Apr 2026
2026-001 - Request for Qualifications for Engineering Services USDA RBDG Grant Jim Wells County is requesting qualifications from qualified engineering firms to provide professional engineering services for a project funded through the USDA Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) - Business Enterprise Project. For more information, go the Bidding Announcement page.
Read more...
Final Notice and Public Explanation of a Proposed Activity in a Floodplain
To: All interested Agencies, Groups, and Individuals on 8/17/26
This is to give notice that Jim Wells County under 24 CFR Part 58 has conducted an evaluation as required by Executive Order 11988 and in accordance with HUD regulations at 24 CFR 55.20 in Subpart C Procedures for Making Determinations on Floodplain Management and Wetlands Protection. The activity is funded under the HOME Program, Reservation Number 2023-0034. The proposed project is located at 1116 Range, Alice, Texas 78332 in Jim Wells County and is located in the floodplain. Jim Wells County will utilize HOME funds under their County Housing Program to reconstruct a single-family owner-occupied home on substantially the same footprint. The home will be between 900 sf and 1,200 sf depending on family size and number of bedrooms on an estimated lot size of .25 acres. This project total approximately .25 acres within the 0.02-percent-annual-chance floodplain (Zone X Shaded) on a developed subdivision within the city limits of Alice, Texas. As such the impact to the floodplain will be minimal.
Jim Wells County has considered the following alternatives and mitigation measures to minimize adverse impacts and to restore and preserve natural and beneficial functions and intrinsic values of the existing floodplain:
The proposed action must take place in the floodplain as the homeowner does not own an alternative lot to build on and per Texas HOME program regulations, HOME funds cannot be used to purchase another lot to exchange with the lot located in the floodplain and, by the nature of this program the owner does not have the financial capacity to purchase another lot or mitigate their home on their own.  However, the following alternatives were explored and rejected as not feasible:
Choose a location outside of the floodplain: this could be done through two different methods, choose to assist a different homeowner with a home located outside of a floodplain or choosing this homeowner and moving their home outside the floodplain. Choosing a different homeowner to assist leaves the current home and all its contents and tenants in harm’s way with no ability to mitigate the risk.  Secondly as mentioned before because of program restrictions, a lot outside the floodplain is not an eligible expense in the HOME program and makes the cost of relocation infeasible for the homeowner.
Look at alternate methods to serve the identical project objective: Reconfiguring the footprint/location of the home on the lot will not remove the home from risk as the entire lot is located within the floodplain.
No Action Alternative: Taking no action on this home and providing the assistance would leave the homeowner still at risk of flooding and in substandard conditions.
The following mitigation measures will be implemented to minimize adverse impacts and restore and preserve natural and beneficial functions and intrinsic values of the existing floodplains:
The reconstructed home will be elevated to the 500-year/.02% floodplain and if elevation data is not available for the 500- year or .02% floodplain then the home will be built to the BFE+2 elevation.
As the home to be reconstructed on substantially the same footprint, the project shall not lead to any significant increases in impermeable cover and shall have no negative impacts on the floodplain,
The project shall meet any applicable, additional local floodplain requirements set forth by the community’s Floodplain Administrator prior to construction.
All state, local, and NFIP floodplain protection procedures will be followed
.
The project shall be implemented using best management practices designed to protect improvements from flood damage.
Jim Wells County has reevaluated alternatives to building in the floodplain and has determined that is has no practicable alternative to floodplain development. Environmental files documenting compliance with Executive Order 11988 and 24 CFR 55, are available for public inspection, review and copying upon request at the times and location delineated in the last paragraph of this notice for receipt of comments.
There are three primary purposes for this notice. First, people who may be affected by activities in floodplain and those who have an interest in the protection of the natural environment should be given an opportunity to express their concerns and provide information about these areas. Second, an adequate public notice program can be an important public educational tool. The dissemination of information and request for public comment about floodplain can facilitate and enhance Federal efforts to reduce the risks and impacts associated with the occupancy and modification of these special areas. Third, as a matter of fairness, when the Federal government determines it will participate in actions taking place in floodplain, it must inform those who may be put at greater or continued risk.
Written comments must be received by Jim Wells County at the following address on or before 8/25/26: Pedro Trevino Jr, Jim Wells County, 200 N Almond St, Alice, TX 78332 and 361-668-5706, Attention: Pedro Trevino Jr, County Judge and www.co.jim-wells.tx.us. Comments may also be submitted via email at
pedro.trevino@co.jim-wells.tx.us
.
Date: 8/17/26
Aviso Final y Explicación Pública de una Actividad Propuesta en una Llanura de Inundación
Para: Todas las agencias, grupos e individuos interesados el 17/8/26
Esto es para notificar que el Condado de Jim Wells, bajo 24 CFR Parte 58, ha realizado una evaluación según lo requerido por la Orden Ejecutiva 11988 y conforme a las regulaciones del HUD en 24 CFR 55.20 en la Subparte C Procedimientos para tomar determinaciones sobre la gestión de llanuras de inundación y la protección de humedales. La actividad está financiada bajo el Programa HOME, Número de Reserva 2023-0034. El proyecto propuesto se encuentra en 1116 Range, Alice, Texas 78332 en el condado de Jim Wells y se encuentra en la llanura de inundación. El condado de Jim Wells utilizará fondos de HOME bajo su Programa de Vivienda del Condado para reconstruir una casa unifamiliar ocupada por sus propietarios en una área prácticamente igual. La casa tendrá entre 900 y 1,200 pies cuadrados dependiendo del tamaño de la familia y el número de recámaras, en un lote estimado de 0.25 acres. Este proyecto suma aproximadamente 0.25 acres dentro de la llanura de inundación anual del 0.02 por ciento (Zona X Sombreada) en una subdivisión desarrollada dentro de los límites de la ciudad de Alice, Texas. Por lo tanto, el impacto en la llanura de inundación será mínimo.
El condado de Jim Wells ha considerado las siguientes alternativas y medidas de mitigación para minimizar los impactos adversos y restaurar y preservar las funciones naturales y beneficiosas y los valores intrínsecos de la llanura de inundación existente:
1. La acción propuesta debe llevarse a cabo en la llanura de inundación, ya que el propietario no posee un terreno alternativo para construir y, según las normativas del programa HOME de Texas, los fondos de HOME no pueden usarse para comprar otro terreno para intercambiarlo con el lote situado en la llanura de inundación y, por la naturaleza de este programa, el propietario no tiene la capacidad financiera para adquirir otro terreno o mitigar su vivienda por sí mismo. Sin embargo, se exploraron y rechazaron las siguientes alternativas por no ser viables:
- Elige una ubicación fuera de la llanura de inundación: esto puede hacerse de dos maneras diferentes: elegir ayudar a otro propietario con una vivienda situada fuera de una llanura de inundación o elegir a ese propietario y trasladar su casa fuera de la llanura de inundación. Elegir otro propietario para ayudar deja la vivienda actual, todo su contenido y sus inquilinos en peligro, sin posibilidad de mitigar el riesgo. En segundo lugar, como se mencionó antes, debido a las restricciones del programa, un terreno fuera de la llanura de inundación no es un gasto elegible en el programa HOME y hace inviable el coste de la reubicación para el propietario.
- Busca métodos alternativos para cumplir el mismo objetivo del proyecto: Reconfigurar la huella o la ubicación de la vivienda en el solar no eliminará el riesgo de la vivienda, ya que todo el solar está ubicado dentro de la zona de inundación.
- Alternativa sin acción: No tomar ninguna medida en esta vivienda y proporcionar la ayuda dejaría al propietario aún en riesgo de inundaciones y en condiciones deficientes.
2. Se implementarán las siguientes medidas de mitigación para minimizar los impactos adversos y restaurar y preservar las funciones naturales y beneficiosas y los valores intrínsecos de las llanuras de inundación existentes:
a. La casa reconstruida se elevará hasta la llanura de inundación de 500 años/0,02% y, si no hay datos de elevación disponibles para la llanura de inundación de 500 años o 0,02%, entonces la casa se construirá hasta la elevación BFE +2 pies.
Como la vivienda que se reconstruirá sobre una superficie sustancialmente igual, el proyecto no provocará aumentos significativos en la cobertura impermeable ni tendrá impactos negativos en la llanura de inundación,
El proyecto deberá cumplir con cualquier requisito adicional adicional de llanura de inundación local establecido por el Administrador de la Zona de Inundación de la comunidad antes de la construcción.
Se seguirán todos los procedimientos estatales, locales y NFIP de protección en zonas inundables.
El proyecto se implementará utilizando las mejores prácticas de gestión diseñadas para proteger las mejoras de los daños por inundaciones.
El condado de Jim Wells ha reevaluado alternativas a la construcción en la llanura de inundación y ha determinado que no existe una alternativa práctica al desarrollo de la llanura de inundación.
Los archivos medioambientales que documentan el cumplimiento de la Orden Ejecutiva 11988 y 24 CFR 55 están disponibles para inspección pública, revisión y copia bajo solicitud, en los horarios y lugares indicados en el último párrafo de este aviso para la recepción de comentarios.
Este aviso tiene tres propósitos principales. En primer lugar, las personas que puedan verse afectadas por actividades en la llanura de inundación y quienes tengan interés en la protección del medio ambiente natural deberían tener la oportunidad de expresar sus preocupaciones y proporcionar información sobre estas áreas.En segundo lugar, un programa adecuado de aviso público puede ser una herramienta educativa importante para el público en general. La difusión de información y la solicitud de comentarios públicos sobre la llanura de inundación pueden facilitar y reforzar los esfuerzos federales para reducir los riesgos e impactos asociados a la ocupación y modificación de estas áreas especiales. Tercero, por equidad, cuando el gobierno federal determine que participará en acciones que tengan lugar en zonas de inundación, debe informar a quienes puedan estar en mayor o continuo riesgo.
Los comentarios escritos deben ser recibidos por el condado de Jim Wells en la siguiente dirección antes del 25/8/26: Pedro Treviño Jr, condado de Jim Wells, 200 N Almond St, Alice, TX 78332 y 361-668-5706, Atención: Pedro Trevino Jr, juez del condado y www.co.jim-wells.tx.us. Los comentarios también pueden enviarse por correo electrónico en
pedro.trevino@co.jim-wells.tx.us
.
Fecha: 17/8/26
Public Service Announcement
Please be informed that the Trains is passing through Jim Wells County, Texas, faster following railroad track upgrades.  Follow recently completed track infrastructure upgrades in the region, the maximum track speed for freight trains operating through Jim Wells County, Texas will rise this week.  Effective on April 24, trains will pass through the area at a maximum of 60 mph, up from the current maximum of 50-55 mph.
For more information on this announcement, please click on this attachment:
CPKC-Train Speed PSA Jim Wells County 23APR26.pdf
Safety Nuisance Abatement Procedures
The Jim Wells County Commissioners Court had adopted Nuisance Abatement Procedures on May 13th, 2024.
Click here to read the Jim Wells County Nuisance Abatement Procedures.
Please visit the
Jim Wells County Safety & Inspection Department webpage.
Calendar of Events
Click on a highlighted date to see events for that day
See All Events
State of Texas Emergency
Assistance Registry (STEAR)
The State of Texas offers the option to register with the STEAR program, a free registry that provides local emergency management planners and responders with information related to your needs during an emergency.
Who Should Register?
People with disabilities
People who are medically fragile
People with functional needs such as:
Limited Mobility
Communication barriers
Require additional medical assistance during an emergency event
Require personal care assistance
People who require transportation assistance
Register online at
stear.tdem.texas.gov
.
Call 2-1-1 or use your video phone relay option of choice.
Registering in STEAR
DOES NOT
guarantee you will receive a specific service during emergencies.
504 Home Repair Program
There will be an Informational Session on April 22, 2026, 2:00 p.m. at the Jim Wells County Fairgrounds located at 3001 S. Johnson Street, Alice, Texas, 78332.  The Section 504 Home Repair Program provides loans to very-low-income homeowners to repair, improve, or modernize their homes, or provides grants to elderly very-low-income homeowners to remove health and safety hazards.
Please see the attached for information:
504 Home Repair Program.pdf
HUD Fair Housing - English
HUD Fair Housing - Spanish
How to Report Fair Housing Complaints
Cómo Denunciar Infracciones de Vivienda Justa
Contact Us
Jim Wells County Courthouse
200 N. Almond
Alice, TX 78332
(361) 668 - 5700
County Directory
Copyright © Jim Wells County - All Rights Reserved
{{YEAR}}
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
