Elections | Victoria County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Government
Residents
Services
Business
How Do I
Search
November 3 General Election
Voter Registration
Need to Know Information
Voter Information
Required ID
Local Political Organizations
Volunteer Deputy Registrar
Poll Watchers
Public Information Request
Voters with Special Needs
For College Students
Maps and Resources
Election Results
Elections Historical Archive
Elected Officials Archive
Election Workers
Ballot By Mail and Overseas Voting
Voting Rosters
Campaign Finance Reports
The 1776 Initiative
Intern Blog
Meet the Team
News
Home
Government
Departments
Elections
Elections
Countdown to Election Day!
November 3, 2026. Polls Open at 7:00 a.m.
Countdown Timer
Updated Polling Location Information
2026 - 2028 Polling Locations
Note: Locations in
BOLD
are new locations.
[rotating image slideshow removed for determinism]
Contact Us
Karen Cline, REO
Elections Administrator
Email
Elections
Email Elections
Physical Address
View Map
2805 N Navarro Street
Suite 500
Victoria
,
TX
77901
2805 N Navarro Street Suite 500 Victoria TX 77901
Directions
Phone:
361-576-0124
Fax: 361-582-5940
Directory
FAQs
My Registration Says Suspense; What Does This Mean?
Suspense means that the registrar is not certain of your residential address. If the registrar has reason to believe that a voter's current residence is different from that indicated on the registration records, then the registrar shall deliver to the voter a written confirmation notice requesting confirmation of the voter's current residence. When a Notice of Address Confirmation is sent, the voter automatically is put on suspense. As a common practice, a Notice of Address Confirmation is sent (and an individual is placed on suspense) when:
The voter’s registration certificate has been returned as non-deliverable;
A Jury Summons is returned as non-deliverable; or
Any mailing that was sent to the voter was returned as non-deliverable.
The voter registrar has received information indicating the voter no longer resides at the address on the voter’s record.
Will I Still Be Able To Vote If My Status Is Listed As In Suspense?
Yes
. A voter whose status is on suspense is eligible to vote in an election provided that the voter completes a Statement of Residence either when voting by mail or at the polls prior to voting (within the same county as the voter’s current registration) or (if the voter has moved to a new county) completes a Limited Ballot application during Early Voting at the main early voting polling place. A voter on Suspense who has moved within the same county would be allowed to vote on Election Day completing a Statement of Residence at that time. A voter may also complete a Voter Registration Application to update his/her address prior the Registration Cutoff deadline for any election and send the newly updated application to the Voter Registrar in the county in which the voter resides.
Will My Vote Count if I Vote a Provisional Ballot?
That will be determined by the Early Voting Ballot Board (EVBB). After the election, the information from the Provisional Voter Affidavit will be looked up by the Voter Registration Office. Depending on the reason you voted by provisional ballot and the outcome of the research by the Voter Registration Office, the EVBB will make the decision to count the vote or not. Regardless of the outcome, you will be notified by mail.
View All FAQs
/FAQ.aspx
Public Notices
Budget & Transparency
Election Information
Commissioner's Court
County Court
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Victoria County
115 N. Bridge Street
Victoria TX. 77901
Phone:
361-575-4558
Hours:
8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Monday - Friday
Closed: Weekends, Holidays
Popular Pages
Bids
Current Election Information
Burn Ban Information
Civil Records
Property Tax
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
Employee Portal
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
