Home Page | Scurry County, Texas
Skip Navigation
Close
Thank You!
Your information has been submitted!
Your information has been submitted!
Image 1 of 1
Maximize image
Restore image
Home
Sitemap
Contact Us
Translate
Facebook
YouTube
The Texas County of Opportunity
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
County Information
County Bids
County Directory
Conflict of Interest Questionnaire (pdf)
Public Notices
312 Abatement Information
County Officials
County Commissioners
County Judge
County Clerk
County Attorney
County Treasurer
Auditor
District Judge
District Court Docket
District Clerk
District Attorney
Tax Assessor/Collector
Sheriff
Justice of the Peace
Contact Judge Lay
Contact Judge Webb
Departments
Elections
Emergency Management
EMS
Hermleigh Water Works
Roads & Bridges
Community Supervision
IT
Maintenance
Texas Agri-life
Senior Center
Youth Center
Welfare Office
Health Department
Parks/Recreation
Library
Trapper
Golf Course
Winston Field (Airport)
Scurry County Historical Commission
Courts
County Court
District Court
District Court Notices
Justices of the Peace
Precinct 1
Precinct 2
Financials
Budgets
Financial Transparency
Treasurer's Reports
TNT Worksheets
Welcome to Scurry County
Scurry County, nestled in west central Texas, covers about 905.4 square miles below the Caprock in the Panhandle and West Texas region. Snyder, the county seat, sits roughly 80 miles southeast of Lubbock and 85 miles northwest of Abilene. It's named after Confederate General William Scurry and was established in 1876, getting fully organized in 1884. As of 2020, it's home to around 16,932 folks.
Active slide image alt text will be announced here
AGENDAS &
MINUTES
FINANCIAL
TRANSPARENCY
COUNTY
DIRECTORY
ONLINE COURT
PAYMENTS
EMPLOYMENT
OPPORTUNITIES
NEWS &
PRESS RELEASES
News and Announcements
NOTICE:
COURTHOUSE AND ANNEX PHONE NUMBER CHANGE
Effective Thursday April 16, 2026, Scurry County Courthouse and Annex will have one phone number for each building instead of a number for each office. When you call the main number, you will be given a numerical option to dial for each department.
All other department numbers will remain the same.
Scurry County Courthouse: (325) 573-9316
Scurry County Annex (325) 573-5406
Nominate a Scurry County Employee for Employee of the Month
Scurry County is proud to recognize employees who demonstrate excellence, dedication, and outstanding service. Our
Employee of the Month
program is open to nominations from anyone — fellow employees, supervisors, or members of the public.
If someone made a positive impact on your day or went the extra mile in their work, we want to hear about it!
How to Nominate:
Fill out the nomination form below
Share what made their service exceptional
Submit anytime — we review nominations monthly
Help us celebrate the people who make Scurry County a great place to work and live.
tab1
Nomination Name
required
Nomination Name is required
Title & Department
required
Title & Department is required
Nominated By
required
Nominated By is required
Nomination Reason
required
Nomination Reason is required
Email:
Invalid Email Format
reCAPTCHA is required
Select month
Oct 2025
Sep 2025
Go
About Scurry County
Scurry County is located in west-central Texas, known for its rich history and contributions to the state's development. Established in 1876 and organized in 1884, the county was named after William R. Scurry, a Confederate general in the Civil War. Its seat, Snyder, became a focal point for settlement due to its proximity to Clear Fork of the Brazos River and a convenient location for ranching and trade. Early inhabitants included Native American tribes such as the Comanches, who thrived in the region until the late 19th century when settlers and military campaigns pushed them out.
The county's history is deeply tied to its cattle ranching heritage. In the late 19th century, vast open ranges made Scurry County ideal for cattle grazing, attracting settlers seeking new opportunities in the rugged Texas landscape. The development of the railroad further spurred growth, allowing for the transportation of cattle and goods to markets across the state and beyond. By the early 20th century, oil discoveries transformed the county’s economy, bringing an influx of workers and industry. Snyder became a boomtown during the 1950s due to the discovery of the Canyon Reef oil field, one of the largest at the time.
Today, Scurry County reflects a blend of its historical roots and modern developments. While agriculture and energy production remain vital to its economy, the county also celebrates its history through museums, local festivals, and preserved historical landmarks. The rich cultural heritage and resilience of the people make Scurry County a unique and integral part of Texas history.
Public Notices
Truth In Taxation
SCURRY COUNTY GAME ROOM ORDINANCE
On September 16, 2025 Scurry County Commissioners Court voted to implement a game room ordinance. Any questions about this ordinance or for an application, please contact the Scurry County Sheriff's Office.
Scurry County Game Room Ordinance
Request for Proposal (RFP):
Scurry County seeks qualified contractors to provide repair services for the roof coping and associated masonry at the Scurry County Armory. The building exhibits cracking, joint separation, and weathering along the concrete coping and adjacent brickwork, as shown in the attached image.
Armory RFP
[live weather removed for determinism]
Scurry County Courthouse   |   1806 25th St   |   Snyder, TX 79549
Web Accessibility
Staff Login
Copyright © Scurry County, Texas
2016
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
