Lubbock County, TX Elections
Skip to main content
Lubbock County Elections Office
Main Menu
Elections Office
Office Location
Contact Us
News and Legal Notices
Voting Information
Voter Information Lookup and Sample Ballot
Register To Vote
Voter Photo ID Requirement
Update Voter Information
Absentee Mail Voting
Military / Overseas Voting
Election Information
Election Dates
Early Voting Dates, Times and Locations
Election Day Vote Center Locations
Historical Election Results
Voter Education
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Mark a Ballot by Mail
Voting System
Voter Photo ID Requirement
Elected Officials
Maps
Lubbock County Map
County Commissioner Maps
Justice of the Peace and Constables Maps
Voter Precinct Maps
City Maps
School District Maps
State Representatives District 83 and 84 Maps
Water District Maps
Candidate Information
Candidate Guide
Campaign Finance Reports Information
Political Sign Information
Related Links
Poll Worker Information
Volunteer Deputy Registrar Program
Military / Overseas Voting
Who qualifies to use the Federal Postcard Application (FPCA)?
Active duty military, spouses and dependents (voting from outside Lubbock County)
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) temporarily overseas* away from Lubbock County
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) permanently overseas* away from Lubbock County
Members of the merchant marine, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside Lubbock County)
Members of the Texas National Guard, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside Lubbock County)
Members of a National Guard of another state, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside Lubbock County)
Members of the military reserves on active duty, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside Lubbock County)
*
Federal law defines “overseas” as anywhere outside the United States.
If you are not one of these voters, you need to use the
regular early voting by mail procedures
.
What and where is the FPCA form?
The FPCA Form:
Registers you onto the permanent voter rolls 30 days after receipt by Lubbock County (unless voter marks indefinitely away / do not intend to return)
Functions are an application for ballot by mail and gives you temporary registration status for certain offices
If voter marks indefinitely away (older form) / do not intend to return (newer form), voter receives federal ballot only.
Here are two resources for obtaining an automated FPCA form:
Federal Voting Assistance Program with the U.S. Department of Defense
Actual FPCA Form
When is the FPCA deadline?
General rule: Deadline is the 11th day before Election Day (earlier is recommended).
The first day to file the FPCA is January 1.
Note: An FPCA for a January or February election may be filed earlier, but not earlier than the 60th day before the date of the January or February election.
How and where to send my completed signed FPCA?
Mail the hard copy to:  Early Voting Clerk, P.O. Box 10536, Lubbock, TX 79408
Common or contract carrier to: Early Voting Clerk, 1308 Crickets Avenue, Lubbock, TX 79401
In-person delivery to: Lubbock County Elections Office, 1308 Crickets Avenue, Lubbock, TX 79401
Email scanned image of signed application to
votelubbock@lubbockcounty.gov
Fax* to Early Voting Clerk at 806-775-7980
*If an FPCA is faxed or emailed, the applicant must submit the
original
application by mail to the Early Voting Clerk so that the Early Voting Clerk receives the original
no later than the 4th business day
after receiving the faxed FPCA.
How do I receive the ballot?
Authorized method the voter requested on the FPCA:
Hard copy by regular mail if no other method is requested
Email (unmarked ballot)
Common or contract carrier (if paid for by voter)
Unmarked ballots may
not
be faxed under Texas law, regardless of voter’s status.
Did the Early Voting Clerk send my ballot?
You may track the status of your ballot using the
FPCA Ballot Tracker
on the Texas Secretary of State web site
.
How do I return the ballot?
Hard copy by regular mail
Common or contract carrier
IF
ballot is from a military voter (or spouse or dependent) in hostile fire pay / imminent danger pay / combat zone, may be faxed using
authorized channels.
What is the deadline to return my marked ballot?
Regular deadline:  receipt by 7:00 p.m. Election Day
Deadline for voters voting from overseas location: receipt by 5
th
day after Election Day
Deadline for ballot to be received is the 6
th
day after Election Day for:
Members of the armed forces of the United States, or the spouse or a dependent of a member of the armed forces;
Members of the merchant marines of the United States, or the spouse or a dependent of a member of the merchant marine;
Members of the Texas National Guard, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the Texas National Guard;
Members of the National Guard of another state, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the National Guard of another state;
Members of the military reserves on active duty, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the military reserves on active duty.
Did the Early Voting Clerk receive my marked ballot?
You may track the status of your ballot using the
FPCA Ballot Tracker
on the Texas Secretary of State web site
.
How do I get more information?
Military and Overseas Voters
information is available from the Texas Secretary of State.
If you have further questions, please contact our office:
Lubbock County Elections Office
1308 Crickets Avenue
P.O. Box 10536
Lubbock, TX 79408
Phone: 806-775-1338
Fax: 806-775-7980
Email:
votelubbock@lubbockcounty.gov
Please enable voterstats plugin
Upcoming Events
There are no current events
Elections Office
Connect with Us
(Opens in a new tab)
1308 Crickets Ave, Lubbock, TX 79401
(806) 775-1339
Copyright © 2026 Lubbock County, Texas - Powered by:
SOE Software
Menu
Home
Search
