Elections | Medina County TX
Skip Navigation
HOME
SITEMAP
TRANSLATE
Search
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
About
Precinct Map
Subdivision Map
Historical Commission
Seco Creek Flood Mitigation Project
Government
Commissioners Court
County Clerk
County Treasurer
Treasurer Home and Financial Reports
Financial Reports 2026
Financial Reports 2025
Financial Report Archive
County Auditor
Tax Assessor Collector
Tax Assessor Collector - Home
Taxing Units
County Court at Law
Constable
Sheriff
Justice of the Peace
District Court Judge
District Clerk
District Attorney
Departments
Elections
Emergency Management/ Fire Marshall
Cooperative Extension Office
Health Unit
Human Resources
911 Communications District
Economic Development
WIC
Environmental Health Group
Indigent Defense/Pre-Trial Services
Veteran Services
Financial Transparency
Public Information
Public Information & Notices
Bid Notices
Meetings Calendar
Commissioners Court Agendas & Minutes
Notice of Trustee Sales
Employment Opportunities
Job Openings
Law Enforcement Applicants
How Do I...
Pay a Traffic Citation
Elections
Medina County Elections
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Elections - Home
Elections 2026
Elections 2024-2025
Elections 2016-2023
REGISTER TO VOTE
The last day to register to vote for the November 3, 2026 Joint General Election is Monday, October 5, 2026. You can find out if you're already registered or you may fill out an informal application
here
.
Print
it,
sign
it and
mail
the application to Medina County Elections Office, 1300 Ave M, Rm 108, Hondo, TX 78861.
Elections Administrator
Jeanie L. Longoria
jean.longoria@medinatx.gov
Assistant Elections Administrator
Debra Brashear
debra.brashear@medinatx.gov
Elections Clerk
Bobbie J. Krawitz
bobbie.krawitz@medinatx.gov
Elections Clerk II
Ashley Christilles
ashley.christilles@medinatx.gov
Elections Clerk
Jody Gomez
jody.gomez@medinatx.gov
For general questions or to submit Public Information Requests, please email
elections@medinatx.gov
.
Medina County Courthouse Annex:
1300 Ave M, Rm 108 Hondo, TX 78861
Hours:
Monday - Friday  8a-12p and 1p-5p
(830) 741-6009 - Office
(830) 741-6007 - Fax
Voter Registration Certificate Mailing Update
▲
Voter Registration Certificates are issued and mailed every two years and display a “valid from” and “to” date. If your certificate shows an expiration date or you have not yet received a new card, this does not mean your voter registration has been cancelled or that you are ineligible to vote.
Typically, new certificates are mailed in December of every odd-numbered year. However, due to statewide redistricting, the Texas Secretary of State has experienced delays in confirming voter registration details across the state. As a result, new certificates have not yet been mailed.
Please be assured:
You remain registered and eligible to vote
A new voter registration certificate will be mailed once the process is completed
A voter registration certificate is not required at the polling place
A valid photo ID is required to vote
We appreciate your patience and understanding. Our office remains committed to ensuring a smooth and secure voting process for all voters. (01/06/2026)
*UPDATE*
Voter Registration Certificates have been mailed out. If you have not received yours, please call our office at (830) 741-6009. (04/01/2026)
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Application for Ballot by Mail (ABBM) and Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) Information
▲
Voters that are voting by mail on the grounds of
age or disability
may submit an Annual Application for Ballot By Mail (ABBM). An Annual ABBM may be submitted on or after January 1 of the calendar year in which the voter wishes to receive ballots and expires December 31 of the year the ABBM was submitted. If a voter is voting by mail due to
confinement in jail or an absence from the county
during the election period, the voter may only submit an ABBM for a single election.
Application for Ballot by Mail (English)
Application for Ballot by Mail (Spanish)
Military and Overseas Citizen Voters
click
here
for more specific instructions on how to apply for a Federal Post Card Application (FPCA).
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
NOTICES: VOTING ORDER PRIORITY
▲
NOTICE OF VOTING ORDER PRIORITY FOR VOTERS WITH CERTAIN DISABILITIES
Pursuant to Section 63.0015, Texas Election Code:
An election officer shall give voting order priority to individuals with a mobility problem that substantially impairs the person's ability to move around.
•
A person assisting an individual with a mobility problem may also, at the individual's request, be given voting order priority.
•Disabilities and conditions that may qualify you for voting order priority include paralysis, lung disease, the use of portable oxygen, cardiac deficiency, severe limitation in the ability to walk due to arthritic, neurological, or orthopedic condition, wheelchair confinement, arthritis, foot disorder, the inability to walk 200 feet without stopping to rest, or use of a brace, cane, crutch, or other assistive device.
•Voters who wish to be given voting order priority, and be accepted for voting before others in line to vote at that polling place, may indicate this to any election officer serving at the polling place. The presiding election judge shall bring the voter and the voter’s assistant, if applicable, forward to the front of the line.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
INTERNET POSTING REQUIREMENTS
▲
CANDIDATE FILING INFORMATION
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
FORMS
▲
Public Information Request Form
Campaign Forms
-Texas Ethics Commission
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
CAMPAIGN FINANCE REPORTS
▲
2024 and future filings may be posted by candidates and officeholders and viewed by the public using the new
VistaSG Campaign Finance
tool. Prior to any filings being published, a Campaign Finance Security Form must be signed in person. Call our office for more details. (830) 741.6009
For help with setting up a new account to file reports, view the
VistaSG Campaign Finance User Guide
.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
POLL WORKER INFORMATION
▲
If you are
interested
in becoming a poll worker for Medina County, click
here
, print and fill out the contact information sheet and submit it to the Medina County Elections Office, 1300 Ave M, Rm 108, Hondo, TX, 78861.
You may also contact your Party Chair for more information.
If you are a new or returning poll worker for Medina County and need to take the Online Poll Worker Training Course, click
here
.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
VOLUNTEER DEPUTY REGISTRAR (VDR) INFORMATION
▲
Medina County Elections Department has set the following schedule for VDR classes and/or testing:
1st Wednesday of each month
If you need to attend a VDR class, class time is 10:00 AM on the above listed days. If you only need to test, test time is 10:45 AM on the above listed days.
The Volunteer Deputy Registrar Training Presentation can be found
here
, if you'd like to prepare in advance.
Please contact the Elections Office to inform us of your plans to attend a class or just need to test.
You will need to provide your:
Name, DOB, and telephone number.
Medina County Texas Elections Department, 1300 Ave M, Rm 108, Hondo, Texas 78861. (830) 741-6009.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
PARTY CHAIR INFORMATION
▲
Democratic Party
Party Chair: Loyd Richeson
Phone Number: (830) 320-0151
Email: mcdp@medinademocrats.org
Republican Party
Party Chair: Chris Schuchart
Phone Number: (210) 844-5575
Website:
medinatxgop.org
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
HELPFUL LINKS
▲
Secretary of State Elections Division
www.sos.tx.us
Vote Texas
www.votetexas.gov
Ballot by Mail Tracker
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Address
Medina County Courthouse
1100 16th Street
Hondo, TX
Contact
Phone: (830) 741-6000
Fax: (830) 741-6015
Useful Links
Nondiscrimination
Disclaimer
Report Problem
Web Accessibility
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
Medina County, Texas. All rights reserved.
Provided by the
Texas Association of Counties
(opens in a new tab)
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
(opens in a new tab)
TM
