Voter Registration | Erath County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Burn Ban
Burn Ban & Welding Mitigation in Effect
Read On...
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Search
Government
Departments
Online Services
Community
How Do I...
Home
Departments
Elections Administration
Voter Registration
Voter Registration
For more information go the the
VoteTexas.gov State Government Website
or contact Erath County Elections Administration.
To vote in an election you must be registered to vote at least 30 days before the election date. To change your name or address, a completed and signed application is also required at least 30 days before the election date.
Eligibility for Registration:
To be eligible for registration as a voter in this state, a person must:
be a United States citizen;
be a resident of the county where you submit the application;
be at least 17 years and 10 months old on the date your voter registration application is submitted, and you are 18 years of age on Election Day;
not have been determined by a final judgment of a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be:
totally mentally incapacitated; or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote;
not have been finally convicted of a felony or, if so convicted, must have:
fully discharged the person’s sentence, including any term of incarceration, parole, or supervision, or completed a period of probation ordered by any court; or been pardoned or otherwise released from the resulting disability to vote
Confirm your Voter Registration Status
You may easily confirm your voter registration status by searching the
Texas Secretary of State’s
website. If you are currently living in Erath County but are registered to vote in another county, you must be registered to vote in Erath County at least 30 days prior to Election Day in order to vote in Erath County.
Where to Register to Vote
Registering to vote is fast and easy! Simply complete a Voter Registration Application and mail the signed application (at least 30 days before the election date) to:
Elections Administration
222 East College Street
Stephenville, TX 76401
Obtain a Voter Registration Application by these convenient ways:
Visit the Elections Administration office located in the new Annex III Building at 222 E. College St. in Stephenville and submit your completed, signed form from 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., Monday through Friday.
You may fill out a voter registration application online, print it and mail it to the voter registrar in your county of residence. You are not registered until you have filled out the online application, printed it, and mailed it to the Erath County Elections Administration. Download, Print and mail an application in
English
or
Spanish
from Texas Secretary of State’s website,
Request, via e-mail at
[email protected]
, and our office will mail a paper application to you. Please provide a mailing address and phone number in your email.
You can pick-up an application at your local U.S. Postal office, library, high school,
Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS)
site,
Texas Health and Human Services Commission
and other government offices.
Register to Vote When Renewing Your Driver License
If you're not already registered to vote but have an existing Texas Driver License or Texas Personal ID Card, you can
register to vote online when renewing, replacing or changing your contact information
for either of these cards through the Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS).
Follow the steps on the
DPS web portal to update your driver license information
, and you will be given the option to register to vote when renewing or updating your information.
You can also register to vote while obtaining your Texas Driver License or Texas Personal ID card in person from DPS.
Update Your Voter Registration Information Online
Whether you've recently moved or changed your name, you can now update all your information on your voter registration record through the
Texas Secretary of State's portal on Texas.gov
.
You can also use the
same portal
to update your voter registration file with your Texas Driver License number, Personal ID card number, or the last four digits of your Social Security number to ensure the information is on file with your county voter registrar.
Quick Links
Voter Registration Deadlines by VoteTexas
Texas Secretary of State - Am I Registered to Vote?
Online Voter Registration Application - English
Online Voter Registration Application - Spanish
View All Links
/QuickLinks.aspx
Documents
Affidavit (PDF)
Contact Us
Tara Arredondo
Assistant Elections Administrator
Email Tara Arredondo
Phone:
254-965-8990
Elections Administration
Physical Address
222 E. College
Stephenville
,
TX
76401
Mailing Address
222 E. College
Stephenville
,
TX
76401
Directory
Voting Information & Help
Voter Registration
Current Elections
Vote by Mail
Election Precincts Maps
Poll Workers
Student Workers
Volunteer Deputy Registrar
Candidate Information
Campaign Filing Forms
Historical Information
Employment
Agendas & Minutes
Juror Information
Contact Your
Commissioner
Financial Transparency
Receive Alerts
Contact Us
Erath County Courthouse
100 W Washington | Stephenville, TX 76401
Phone:
254-965-1452
Email
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
