Election Information – Pecos County
Skip to content
Election Information
Unless stated otherwise, documents are in Portable Document Format (PDF)
For questions about local elections, contact the Pecos County Election Administrator.
Sophia Franco, Election Administrator
200 S. Nelson St
Fort Stockton TX 79735
(432) 336-2115 Office
(432) 434-1554 Cell Phone
sophia.franco@co.pecos.tx.us
Notice to Pecos County Voters
The Pecos County Election Administrator would like to inform all registered voters that the new voter registration cards will finally be mailed out.
We appreciate your patience during this lengthy delay. The delay resulted from the Texas Secretary of State’s implementation of a new statewide voter registration system, which experienced several challenges during the rollout. The primary reason Pecos County’s cards were delayed was the incorrect assignment of the U.S. Representative district. That issue has now been corrected.
Please note that these voter registration cards reflect voter information as of December 31, 2025. If you voted in any 2026 election and completed a Statement of Residence at your polling location to update your address, that change will not be reflected on the voter registration card you receive. However, you are welcome to contact the Pecos County Elections Office, and we will be happy to verify that your Statement of Residence has been processed and your voter registration record has been updated.
Please be on the lookout for your new voter registration card in the mail. If you have any questions or believe the information on your card is incorrect, please contact the Pecos County Elections Office at 432-336-2115 or 432-434-1554.
CENTRAL COUNT STATION PLAN
Election Information
General Voter & Election Information
Check your Voter Registration Status
:
Texas Secretary of State Personal Voter Portal
External link, opens in a new tab
Past Elections
Election Information & Turnout Data
External link, opens in a new tab
Candidate Reports
Texas Secretary of State Candidate Information
External link, opens in a new tab
Information for Candidates
When is My Report Due?
External link, opens in a new tab
Filing Reports For LOCAL Filers Candidates/Officeholders
External link, opens in a new tab
Upcoming Election(s)
November 3, 2026 Regular Election
Middle Pecos Groundwater Conservation District 1 (MPGCD)
Six positions on the board of directors
Candidate Requirements – Internet Posting for Political Subdivision
Link to PDF posted at
www.middlepecosgcd.org
provided by MPGCD on 1/26/2026
Notice of Deadline to File an Application for Place on the Ballot
Order of General Election – MPGCD Board of Directors
Red Bluff Water Control
Notice of Deadline to File an Application for Place on the Ballot
Buena Vista Independent School District
Order of Election – Board of Trustees
Back To Top
Pecos County Courthouse
103 West Callaghan
Fort Stockton, TX 79735
Home
Notices & Announcements
Commissioners Court Agendas
Public Notices
County Budgets
Tax Rates
Employment
County Offices & Officials
Judge & Commissioners
County Offices
District Offices
Emergency Services
Public Rental Facilities
Communities
More Information
Rules, Regulations, and Guidelines
County Clerk Certified Payments
Pecos County EMS Lifeline
EMS Medical Records Request
Hyper-Reach
Pecos County Precinct Map
Pecos County Webmail
Election Information
Search for:
Search
TJB Help for Self-Represented Litigants
TJB Orders of Nondisclosure
©
Pecos County
2026
westXdesign
