Voter Registration | Smith County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Notifications
Smith County is under a Burn Ban
Read On...
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Government
Services
Community
Business
How Do I...
Search
Campaign Filing Forms
Current Election Information
Current Election Results
Daily Voting Rosters
Elected Officials
Election Archive
Election Calendar
Elections Commission
Poll Worker Information
Precinct Maps
Voter Registration
Voting by Mail
Home
Government
Departments
Elections
Voter Registration
Voter Registration
Voter Registration FAQs (PDF)
General Voter Registration Information
You may register to vote at any time.
You must be at least 17 years and 10 months old to register. Your voter registration will become effective 30 days after it is received or on your 18th birthday, whichever is later.
You
must be a U.S. citizen
to register.
If you move to another county, you must re-register in the county of your new residence.
Check Your Voter Registration Status
Call our office at 903-590-4777
Email us
Stop by in person during normal business hours (8 am to 5 pm, Monday through Friday)
Visit VoteTexas
Check Eligibility
To be eligible to vote in Texas, you must:
Be a U.S. citizen
Be a resident of the county
Be 18 years old
Not be a convicted felon (unless a person's sentence is completed, including any probation or parole)
Not declared mentally incapacitated by a court of law
Note
: To be eligible to vote in any election, you must be registered 30 days prior to Election Day.
Voter Registration
Print the
Voter Registration Application (PDF)
, fill it out, then mail it to us.
Fill out online applications, then print, sign, and mail:
Voter Registration Application Form
Formulario De Inscripción Del Registro Del Votante
Note
: This form is to be used for new applicants, changing your address, or requesting a replacement certificate.
Instructions for Completing Application for Voter Registration
Please complete all of the information on the application. Print in ink or type. If you have any questions about how to fill out this application, please call the Secretary of State's Office toll-free at 800-252-VOTE (8683), TDD 800-735-2989.
Complete
all
questions on the upper right side of the application. Indicate by checking the appropriate box if this application is a new registration, a change of name or address, or a request for a replacement certificate.
Name
- Give your full name, including first, middle, and last. IF you have changed your name, give your former name.
Residence Address
- Include street address, city, state, and zip. If you do not have a street address, give a description of the location where you live.
Mailing Address
- If mail cannot be delivered to your residence, give a mailing address.
Gender and Telephone Number
are optional. Your voter registration application is open to the public.
Texas Driver's License Number or Personal ID Number
- List your DL/ID number from the Department of Public Safety and/or the last 4 digits of your social security number. While both are not required, having both on file helps to eliminate any potential duplicates and assists when voting by mail.
City and County of Former Residence
- If you were previously registered in another county in Texas, complete this box.
Agent
- An agent may apply for voter registration for another person, as long as that person is related to the applicant as husband, wife, father, mother, son, or daughter. The agent must also be a registered voter or have submitted an application for registration. Indicate the relationship of the agent on the application. Indicate the relationship next to the signature.
Sign Your Name
- Print
before
you sign. We cannot accept electronic signatures. If you cannot sign your name next to the X, a person may witness you making your mark. Give the name and address of the person who witnessed your mark above the signature line. If you cannot make a mark, have the witness state the applicant could not make a mark. You do not need a witness if you can sign your name.
The completed form should be printed, signed, and mailed to:
Smith County Elections Administration Office
302 E Ferguson
Tyler, Texas 75702
Note
: For a Voter Registration Application sent by fax or email to be effective, the original application must be submitted by mail and be received by the registrar not later than the fourth business day after the transmission by fax or email. You may fax your application to 972-547-1995 or
email it to Elections
(Please include "Application was faxed/emailed" at the top of the application before you mail the original to our office.)
Register In Person
Voter registration applications may be acquired at our office:
Smith County Elections Administration Office
302 E Ferguson
Tyler, Texas 75702
For questions, call or fax:
Phone: 903-590-4777
Fax: 903-590-4778
Register By Mail
Request an application be mailed to you
by the State or call Smith County Elections.
Mail completed applications to:
Smith County Elections Administration Office
302 E Ferguson
Tyler, Texas 75702
Volunteer Deputy Registrar (VDR) Trainings
For those wanting to register voters in Smith County, the Smith County Election's Office conducts free monthly VDR trainings every third Thursday of the month at 10 am. The training will last from 1 to 1½ hours. They will be in the Hub, at 304 E Ferguson Street in Tyler.
July 2026 VDR Training will be held on July 23 (the 4th Thursday of the month) due to scheduled vacations and out of office trainings.
The VDR training is open to anyone who meets all of the qualifications to register to vote in Texas. This is a training designed to teach individuals how to correctly register people to vote.
The Secretary of State provides
material for potential VDRs to study
which can then be used to take a test in our office instead of attending the training class.
If you are interested in attending one of the trainings, please reserve your spot by calling the Elections Office at 903-590-4777 or
sending us an email
. You can also call or email us with any questions.
Address Changes
Please ensure our office has the most up-to-date information. It is essential that you keep your voter information current so that you may vote in the correct precinct and elections.
Online Address Changes
If you have moved within the county, you may change your name or address online.
Take advantage of this service provided by the Secretary of State
.
Address or name changes may be made through DPS when renewing your driver's license or ID card online.
In Person
Address or name changes may be made in person in our office or at the DPS office when renewing your driver's license.
If you are a Smith County registered voter and are moving within Smith County, you may flip your voter certificate over, sign your name, and list your new address in the spaces provided. Mail the certificate to:
Smith County Elections Administration
302 E Ferguson
Tyler, Texas 75702
Request an application be mailed to you
so you can mail your updated information to our office.
College Students
Students are provided with two options. It is strictly up to the student as to where they want to claim their residence (where they are living while going to school, or their "home" address).
Register in Smith County
To register in Smith County, you may
download an application form (PDF)
or
request a form be mailed to you
.
Register at Home
If your home address is outside the state of Texas, you may
download a form
and accompanying guide that gives information for each state.
If your home address is in the state of Texas, you may
download the same form
or
request a form be mailed to you
. Mail your completed form to the voter registrar of your home county.
Find the office responsible for voter registration in your county
.
Make a Payment
Jury Duty Services
Court Records
Road and Bridge
Election Information
Public Information
Contact Us
Smith County
200 E Ferguson Street
Tyler, TX 75702
Commissioners Court
Phone:
903-590-4605
Helpful Links
About Smith County
ADA
Employment Opportunities
Report an Issue
Smith County Documents
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
