Voter Registration
Skip Navigation
Colorado County Texas
HOME
CONTACT US
TRANSLATE
Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Home
County Holiday Schedule
Commissioners Court
Commissioners Court Homepage
Commissioners Court Agendas
Commissioners Court Minutes
County Departments
Constables
County Attorney
County Auditor
County Clerk
County Judge
County Tax Assessor-Collector
County Treasurer
Development, Subdivision & Permitting
Floodplain Management/9-1-1 Rural Addressing/Septic
Development and Subdivision Regulations
County Road Use Forms
Roads and Right-of-Ways
District Clerk
Emergency Management (OEM)
Emergency Medical Services (EMS)
Grant Administration
Indigent Health Care
Justice of the Peace
Justice of the Peace Precinct 1
Justice of the Peace Precinct 2
Justice of the Peace Precinct 3
Justice of the Peace Precinct 4
Public Defender
Probation
Sheriff
Vehicle Registration & Renewal
Veterans Services
Courts
County Court
County Clerk
County Court
District Courts
25th and 2nd 25th Judicial District Courts
District Clerk
Justice of The Peace
Justice of the Peace Home Page
Justice of the Peace Precinct 1
Justice of the Peace Precinct 2
Justice of the Peace Precinct 3
Justice of the Peace Precinct 4
Court Calendar
Elections
Elections Home Page
Accessibility Comments/Requests
How to Vote
Registration
Voter Identification
Disability Accomodations
Early Voting
Election Day Voting
Campaign Finance
Public Notices
Commissioners Court Agendas
Foreclosure Notices
Notice of Estray
Probates/Guardianships
TCEQ/Public Utility Commission Notices
Bid Opportunities
Burn Ban Status
Employment Opportunities
Financial Transparency
Annual Financial Reports
Auditor's Reports
Budgets
Treasurer's Reports
Check Reports
Utility Consumption Reports
Debt Obligation
Tax Rate Information
Texas Public Information Act
Tax Abatement Guidelines
Courthouse Grounds Use Policy
Fairgrounds
Airport
Historical Commission
Title VI
Voter Registration
Colorado County voter registration applications return to:
Election Administrator
Rebecka LaCourse
1117 Travis Street
Columbus, TX 78934
Colorado County Voter Registration Card Update – June 2026
Colorado County conducted a
mass mail-out of voter registration cards in February 2026
. Many residents did
not
receive their cards for a variety of reasons — address changes, forwarding issues, or other mailing problems.
The
Colorado County Election Office is now able to print replacement voter registration cards again.
If you updated your voter registration recently
Anyone who updated their voter registration in the past few months will
receive a new card in the mail
.
This may be a
duplicate
of the card mailed in February.
If you need a replacement card y
ou may
visit the Elections Office in person
:
Colorado County Election Office
1117 Travis St., Columbus, TX 78934
Staff can print a replacement card for you within 24 hours for you to personally pick-up.
Check your voter registration information
This is a great time to verify your voter registration status and address.
You can check your information at:
VoteTexas.gov
(Official Texas voter information site)
Voter Registration Application
(261.12 KB PDF)
Solicitud de Registro de Votantes
(309.39 KB PDF)
Ways to Register
To register to vote in Texas, simply complete a voter registration application and return it to your county election office at least 30 days before the upcoming election date.  To complete an application, you may:
Complete an application using the link above. Simply fill in the required information, print, sign and mail directly to your county election office.
Contact or visit your local Colorado County Election's Office to complete the voter registration process.
Alternative Methods to Register:
If a voter has moved within the same county, the voter may update their address online at
www.voteexas.gov
. Voters that are active or in suspense can update their name and/or residence address.
Printed Voter Registration Applications: If a voter has access to a printer, the voter can
use the SOS Informal Online Application to complete a voter registration application. This
application can be printed and mailed to the applicable county voter registrar. When the voter
selects their county of residence, it will preprint the county voter registrar’s address on the
form so that when the voter mails it, they send it directly to their county voter registrar.
Postage-Paid Voter Registration Applications: If a voter does not have access to a printer,
the voter can request that a blank postage-paid voter registration application be mailed directly
to the voter. The voter can fill out the request form on the SOS website. Counties can also
mail blank applications to voters upon request.
Revisions to Voter Registration Certificate: If a voter has their current voter registration
certificate, they may make any necessary corrections or updates to the certificate, sign it and
return it to the voter registrar.
Register2Vote.org: This is a third-party website that provides a remote printing option for voters. Voters can complete a form online and have a pre-filled application sent to them for completion. The voter must complete the form, sign it, and mail it in the included postage-paid envelope. This form is sent directly to the county voter registrar.
You are eligible to register to vote if
:
You are a United States citizen;
You are a resident of the county where you submit the application;
You are at least 17 years and 10 months old, and you are 18 years of age on
Election Day.
You are not a convicted felon (you may be eligible to vote if you have completed your sentence, probation, and parole); and
You have not been declared by a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be either totally mentally incapacitated or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote.
You Must Register By…
Your application must be received in the Colorado County Election's Office or postmarked at least 30* days before an election for you to be eligible to vote in that election.
Notice of Voter Eligibility
(PDF 1.79MB)
Text version of Understanding Your Texas Voter Registration Certificate
How to find us.
Colorado County Courthouse
400 Spring St
Columbus, TX 78934
How to reach us.
Phone: (979) 732-2604
Accessibility
Google Map Loading...
Provided by the Texas Association of Counties
Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
{{COUNTY}}
{{STATE}}
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
