Elections | Somervell County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Burn Ban Alert
Burn Ban in Effect
Read On...
Government
Community
How Do I...
Search
Home
Government
Additional Offices
Elections
Elections
Notices
Central Count Station Plan (PDF)
Somervell County Elected Officials and Term of Office (DOCX)
Elimination of Straight Party Voting Information (PDF)
Notice of Acceptable Forms of Identification (PDF)
Notice of Voter Eligibility-English (PDF)
Notice of Voter Eligibility-Spanish (PDF
)
Voting History
For daily voting history, please visit the
Texas Secretary of State
NOVEMBER 3, 2026 GENERAL ELECTION INFORMATION
NOVEMBER 3, 2026 GENERAL ELECTION INFORMATION(pdf)
DATES AND LOCATION OF VOTING(PDF)
ORDER OF ELECTION NOV 3, 2026 GENERAL ELECTION-SIGNED(PDF)
NOTICE OF ELECTION NOV 3, 2026 GENERAL ELECTION-SIGNED(PDF)
Proclamation-Special Election SD 22(PDF)
NOTICE OF DRAWING FOR PLACE ON BALLOT(PDF)
Past Election Results
For more details Visit
Past Election Results - Somervell County Texas
Precinct Map
Somervell County Precinct Map
Voting Assistance
Somervell County provides curbside voting at early voting and election-day polling locations. Please notify the election workers by calling or sending an assistant to the polling place.
All polling places used by the Somervell County Elections Office are handicapped accessible. Each polling location also has available magnifying sheets and wheelchair-accessible voting machines.
Additionally, persons unable to read or write may bring an assistant to help with the voting process. Voters' union representatives and employers are ineligible to assist. Election workers are also available to assist upon request.
Under Section 63.0013, Election Code:
An election officer may give voting order priority to individuals with a mobility problem that substantially impairs the person's ability to move around.
A person assisting an individual with a mobility problem may also, at the individual's request, be given voting order priority.
Disabilities and conditions that may qualify you for voting order priority include paralysis, lung disease, the use of portable oxygen, cardiac deficiency, severe limitation in the ability to walk due to arthritic, neurological, or orthopedic condition, wheelchair confinement, arthritis, foot disorder, the inability to walk 200 feet without stopping to rest, or use of a brace, cane, crutch, or other assistive device.
Voters who wish to be given voting order priority, and be accepted for voting before others in line to vote at that polling place, may indicate this to any election officer serving at the polling place. The presiding election judge will determine whether the voter and the voter's assistant, if applicable, will be brought forward to the front of the line.
Disabled voters, those over 65 years of age, and voters who expect to be out of the county during both the early voting period and election day may request a ballot be mailed to them. Applications for a Ballot By Mail are available from the Somervell County Elections Office. Click Ballot By Mail or the Secretary of State for more information.
Contact Us
Christy Presley
Elections Administrator
Elections
Email Elections
Physical Address
View Map
102 NE Vine Street
Glen Rose
,
TX
76043
102 NE Vine Street Glen Rose TX 76043
Directions
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 1355
Glen Rose
,
TX
76043
Phone:
254-897-9470
Fax: 254-897-7703
Directory
Notable Links
Welcome to the Texas Secretary of State
Welcome to the Vote Texas Government
Military and overseas voter information
Election Information You Need
League of Women Voters of Texas Voting guides
2020 Texas Election Security Update
How to become a Volunteer Deputy Voter Registrar
Poll Watchers
Candidate Information
Election Officials and Officeholders
View All Quick Links
/QuickLinks.aspx
Past Election Results
Agendas & Minutes
CodeRED
Employment Opportunities
Juror Information
Crime Stoppers
Transfer Station
102 NE Vine Street
Glen Rose, TX 76043
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
