Elections | Titus County, Texas
Skip Navigation
Close
This Resource Requires Authentication!
Username:
Password:
Login failed! Please try again.
Image 1 of 1
Maximize image
Restore image
Home
Sitemap
Translate
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
County Information
County Directory
Chamber of Commerce
City of Mt. Pleasant
History of Titus County
Tourism
Useful Links
County Officials
County Judge
Commissioners Court
County Attorney
County Clerk
County Treasurer
County Chairs
Constables
District Clerk
Justices of the Peace
Sheriff
Tax Assessor
Departments
Agri-Life Extension Office
County Auditor
County Appraisal District
Elections
Adult Probation
Juvenile Probation
Environmental
Platting and Subdivisions
Purchasing
Emergency Management Coordinator
Veteran Service Officer
Courts
County Commissioners
District Judges
District Attorney
Financials
Budgets
Financial Statements
Purchasing
Elections Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Elections - Home
Elections 2026
Elections 2025
Voter Registration
Vote by Mail
Voter ID
What is my precinct? Where do I vote?
Web Posting Requirements Relating to Candidate Filing
Activities in Vicinity of Polling Places
Nov 4, 2025 Amendment Vote History
2025 Candidate Filing Reports
Judge Cooper
Sheriff Bragg
Bragg Campaign Finance Report
Bragg Campaign Finance Report
Commissioner Parchman
Cory Amerson App. of Treasurer
Amerson Intenet to Run
Durant Appt. of Treasurer
Hess Appointment of Treasurer
Dunn Appointment of Treasurer
Stockinger Appointment of Treasurer
Brosnan Appointment of Treasurer
Mitchell Treasurer Appointment
Zachry Treasurer Appointment
McCarley Treasuer Appointment
Carrol Appointment of Treasurer
Redfearn Appointment of Treasurer
Reynolds Appointment of Treasurer
Webster Treasurer Appointment
Hageman Treasurer Appointment
Turner Treasurer Appointment
Applewhite Treasurer Appointment
Bragg Finance Report
2026 Candidate Filing Reports
Applewhite Finance Report
Applewhite Finance Report 2
Applewhite Finance Report 3
Brosnan Finance Report
Brosnan Finance Report 2
Brosnan Finance Report 3
Carroll Finance Report
Carroll Finance Report 2
Carroll Finance Report 3
Dunn Finance Report
Dunn Finance Report 2
Dunn Finance Report 3
Durant Finance Report
Mitchell Finance Report
Stockinger Finance Report
Webster Finance Report
Webster Finance Report 2
Webster Finance Report 3
Zachry Finance Report
Zachry Finance Report 2
Zachary Finance Report 3
Zachry Finance Report 4
Cooper Finance Report
Cooper Finance Report 2
Cooper Finance Report 3
Bragg Finance Report
Redfearn Finance Report
Redfearn Finance Report 2
Redfearn Finance Report 3
Hess Finance Report
Hess Finance Report 2
Hess Finance Report 3
Amerson Finance Report
Previous Years Elections
November 5th, 2024 Election
November 5 Voter History
November 5, 2024 Unofficial Results
November 5, 2024 Canvass Report
November 5, 2024 Election Forms
Previous Elections
Candidate Guide
Training Videos
STUDENT ELECTION CLERK APPLICATION
▲
Student-Election-Clerk-Application-and-Permission-Form.docx
Download file
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Become a Volunteer Deputy Registrar
▲
TEXAS VOLUNTEER DEPUTY REGISTRAR GUIDE
If you are interested in serving the community by registering voters, we encourage you to join our team of volunteers.
What is A Volunteer Deputy Registrar?
Volunteer deputy registrars are allocated with the responsibility of officially registering voters in the State of Texas. They administer voter registration applications and take responsibility for making sure the citizen completes the application correctly so there is no delay in processing.
Qualifications:
To be appointed a volunteer deputy registrar, a person must:
be at least 18 years old;
be a United States citizen;
not have been determined by a final judgment of a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be
totally mentally incapacitated, or
partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote
never have been convicted of failing to deliver a voter application to a voter registrar;
not have been finally convicted of a felony, or, if convicted must have
fully discharged the sentence, including any term of incarceration, parole, or supervision, or
been pardoned or otherwise released from the resulting disability to vote;
not have been finally convicted of identity theft under Section 32.51 of the Penal Code; and
be a Texas resident.
Duties:
A volunteer deputy registrar may distribute and accept a voter registration application form from any resident of the County of Denton and distribute and accept applications from voters who wish to change or correct information on his/her voter registration certificate (such as name and/or address).
Length of Appointment:
You may be appointed at any time. However, your term expires on December 31st of the next even-numbered year. Your appointment may be terminated by the appointing authority if you fail to properly review a voter registration application. Your appointment as a volunteer deputy registrar will be terminated by the appointing authority if:
You fail to deliver a completed voter registration application to the registrar; or
You are finally convicted of an offense under the law relating to performance-based compensation for voter registrations.
How to Become a Volunteer Deputy Registrar:
Read the guide and come into our office to complete forms and assessment quiz.
Once you have completed the these steps and if you are eligible, you will be issued a certificate of appointment and supplies in our office (Address below).
Note: The Titus County Elections Department will continue to deputize walk-in’s in our office located at:
110 S. Madison Ave. Ste C, Mt. Pleasant, TX 75455
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Elections
Elections Administrator
Michelle Whorton
elections@co.titus.tx.us
mwhorton@co.titus.tx.us
Deputy Election Clerk
Kelly Ellis
kmorton@co.titus.tx.us
Post Mark Update
*IMPORTANT NEWS*
USPS recently reported that they are not always postmarking mail on the day it is received. The Postmark on your ballot can determine whether or not we can legally accept your ballot. If you are mailing your ballot close to the election day, please be sure to enter the post office and have them manually postmark your ballot to ensure it accurately reflects the day you put your ballot in the mail. This is only necessary IF you are mailing close to election day or on election day.
NEW "ORANGE" VOTER REGISTRATION CARDS
▲
Update: New Voter Registration Cards were shipped on Feb 5, 2026. They are orange. If you do not have it by the time you come to vote, we can check to see if it was returned to our office. If it was, we will need to do an address verification form to confirm the address we have here is correct.
Update: Secretary of State sent the reports out today, to start the mass mail out process for new voter registration cards. I will post the date the vender mails them as soon as I know. 1/20/26
Update: Due to the redistricting lawsuits, the new voter registration cards have not been approved to be mailed out yet. We will update this post when they are. -1/13/26
We are starting the process of issuing the new voter registration cards today. Around the first of the year you will receive a new "orange" registration card, at the last mailing address we have on file for you. If you do not receive a card by January 15th, please reach out to our office, to see if it was returned to us for some reason.
We have been working hard to confirm every boundary line in
the county for Voter Precincts, Commissioner, JP, and Constable Precincts, School Districts, City Limits, and much more. We have had to make changes to some areas. So be sure to look at your Voter Precinct Number, on your new card. This will affect which voting location you are now assigned to. If you have questions you can call our office at 903-575-0902. You can also use the interactive map, on the CAD, to look up this information to confirm.
https://gis.bisclient.com/tituscad/
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Helpful Links
▲
Click here if you need a Voter Registration Application
(Hagase clic aqui si necesita una Aplicacion de Registro de Votacion)
Frequently Asked Questions
(Preguntas mas frequentes)
Photo ID Required
(Identificacion Fotografica requerida)
Current Election Information
(Informacion sobre el Eleccion Actual)
Daily Current Election Results
(Resultados Diarios del Eleccion Actual)
Am I registered to Vote?
(Estoy registrado para votar?)
Where to Get an Application
(Ubicacion donde puede conseguir una Aplicacion)
Filling Out the Application
(Rellenando una Aplicacion)
Your Voter Registration Card
(Su Tarjeta de Registro de Votacion)
Did You Change Something?
(Cambio Algo?)
You Must Register By...
(Debe Registrarte antes de.)
Application for Ballot by Mail
(Aplicacion por Balota via Correo-Espanol)
Web Posting Requirements Relating to Accessibility for Voters with Disabilities
(Requisitos de Publicación en la Web Relacionados con
la Accesibilidad para Votantes con Discapacidades)
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Contact
▲
Elections Administrator's Office
110 S. Madison Ave, Suite C
Mt. Pleasant, TX 75455
Phone: 903-717-8264 Michelle
Phone: 903-717-8265 Kelly
Fax: 903-575-1117
Hours 7:30am- 4:30pm
Follow us on Facebook
for up to date Election Information!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/2685416481607055
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
POLL WORKERS NEEDED
APPLY HERE!
▲
Titus Pollworker Application.docx
Download file
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Titus County Courthouse | 100 W 1st St | Mt Pleasant, TX 75455 | Phone: (903) 577-6736
Web Accessibility
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
Titus County, Texas. All rights reserved.
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
