Early Voting Information | Ellis County, TX Official Website
Skip to Main Content
Public Notice...
EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY ELLIS COUNTY IS UNDER A BURN BAN
Read On...
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
ARPA Training Information
Government
Stay Connected
Explore Ellis County
Search
Upcoming Elections
Voter Registration Information
Early Voting Information/ Ballot by Mail
Election Day Information
Voter With Special Needs (Assistant, Interpreter, Curbside)
Poll Worker / Volunteer Deputy Registrar Program
Documents, Forms, Links, Maps and Kids Corner
Elected Official/ Campaign Finance/ Candidate Info
Live Stream: Ballot processing
Vote Centers and Voting Equipment
Did you know? Questions and Answers
Prior Election Results
Ellis County Elections Facebook Page
Notice of Public Meetings
Home
Government
Departments
Elections
Early Voting Information/ Ballot by Mail
Early Voting Information
Last Content Update:
Friday, October 17, 2025
Three (3) ways to vote early in Texas Elections:
1) Absentee Voting by Mail
Regular (Annual) Application for Ballot By Mail
(ABBM)
(Español)
(Fillable Form)
Your Rights when voting by mail
(PDF)
Click here for more information on Assisting and Witnessing for a Mail Ballot Voter
You are eligible to vote early by mail if you are a registered voter who is:
65 years of age or older on election day (This application has the option of 1 election or an annual ballot for all elections within the year, depending on what you select on the application.)
Disability, defined as a sickness or physical condition that prevents the voter from voting in person without a likelihood of needing personal assistance or injury to the voter’s health (as defined in Texas Election Code 82.002a)
(This application has the option of 1 election or an annual ballot for all elections within the year, depending on what you select on the application.)
Expects to be out of the county during the hours that voting is conducted during early voting in person and on election day (Must provide an out of county address and the beginning and the ending date of receiving mail at this address. (This application is only good for one election and runoff, if your dates of absence from the county include both elections and you make that selection on the application.)
Expected to give birth within three weeks before or after Election Day
(This application is only good for one election and runoff if you make that selection on the application.)
Confined in Jail/Involuntary Civil Commitment under Chapter 841 of the Health and Safety Code, you must be legally eligible for Early Voting by Mail. At the time your early voting ballot application is submitted, you are either (1) confined in jail serving a misdemeanor sentence for a term that ends on or after Election Day; (2) pending trial after denial of bail; (3) without bail pending an appeal of a felony conviction; (4) pending trial or appeal on a bailable offense for which release on bail before Election Day is unlikely or (5) you are involuntarily civilly committed. (This application is only good for one election and runoff
if you make that selection on the application.)
Annual Application
– Only voters who are 65 or older or who have a disability are eligible to apply for an Annual ballot by mail. An Annual ballot by mail will provide you with a ballot for all the elections in a calendar year for which you are eligible. Your Annual Application may be forwarded to other entities holding elections in which you are eligible to vote. This means that you may receive a ballot for those other elections in addition to the ballot you requested with this application. If you do not select any elections in Box 4 on the application, your application will be considered an Annual Application if your reason for voting by mail was 65 Years of Age or Older or Disability.
To vote by mail, you must first apply for a ballot. The Ellis County Elections office does not send out applications or ballots without a specific request from the voter themselves. The voter themself may call our office at 972-825-5195 to request an application be sent to them. We must receive your completed application no later than the close of business 11 days before election day for both regular and FPCA applications (per H.B. 1927 law effective 9/1/2015). If the deadline falls on a weekend, the last day to submit an application is the preceding Friday. If the deadline falls on a state or federal holiday, the ballot must be received on the preceding business day. The first day for the Election’s Office to receive an Annual Regular or FPCA Ballot by Mail Application for each calendar year is on January 1st of each year.
College Student Information for voting by mail
:
If you’re attending a college or university away from home, you can vote early by mail if you claimed as your primary residence the address where you live while not attending school – in other words, where a parent or guardian lives. Remember you can register to vote in either your home state or where you attend college, but you cannot be registered in both locations. To receive an Absentee ballot by choosing expected absence from the county, you must expect to be absent from the county on election day and during the hours of early voting in person or for the remainder of the early voting period after you submit your application. You will receive a ballot for the upcoming election only and any resulting runoff. Your ballot must be mailed to an address outside the county. Important: You must also give the date you can begin to receive mail at the address given (#8 on the form).
To request that an early voting ballot be sent to the address where you are physically planning to be at during election time (e.g.,at school), you must fill out a
Regular Application for Ballot By Mail
(ABBM)
Return the form by the below procedures.
If you are studying abroad (overseas), please see section #2 below to fill out an FPCA application.
Ways to return your application:
Mail your application for a ballot to:
OR If you choose to use a contract carrier, applications can be delivered to:
Early Voting Clerk
Ellis County Elections
204 E. Jefferson Street
Waxahachie, Texas 75165-3752
Deliver in person your application for a ballot to:
Only the applicant may submit their application in person to the Early Voting Clerk at the above address. However, the applicant may wish to submit their application via mail, fax, common contract carrier, or email.
Fax and then mail your application for a ballot to:
Fax: (972) 923-5194 Voter must still submit the Original application BY MAIL and the Elections Office must receive no later than the 4th business day after receiving the fax. Per Senate Bill 5 effective December 1, 2017.
Email and then mail your application for a ballot to
:
Email elections@co.ellis.tx.us
Must be a scanned application that contains the voter’s original signature. Voter must still submit the Original application BY MAIL
and the Elections Office must receive
no later than the 4th business day after receiving the email. Per Senate Bill 5 effective December 1, 2017.
Information about Returning your Carrier Envelope (PDF)
Click the image below to track your mail ballot or correct your application online.
2) Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) for Military / Overseas Citizens to Vote by Mail
FPCA Application for ballot by mail or email
(fillable form)
FPCA Information and materials
(FVAP.gov website)
Military and Overseas Voters additional information
(votetexas.gov website)
Who can use the Federal Postcard Application (FPCA) and why?
Active duty military, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) temporarily overseas* away from the home Texas county
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) permanently overseas* away from the (previous) home Texas county
Members of the merchant marine, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of the Texas National Guard, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of a National Guard of another state, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of the military reserves on active duty, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
* Federal law defines “overseas” as anywhere outside the United States.
If you are not one of these voters, you need the
regular early voting by mail application
in step #1 above.
Mail your application for a ballot to:
OR If you choose to use a contract carrier, applications can be delivered to:
Early Voting Clerk
Ellis County Elections
204 E. Jefferson Street
Waxahachie, Texas 75165-3752
Fax and mail your application for a ballot to:
Fax: (972) 923-5194  Voter must still submit the original FPCA application BY MAIL
and the Elections Office must receive
no later than the 4th business day after receiving the fax. (Per Senate Bill 5 effective December 1, 2017.)
Email your application for a ballot to
:
Email elections@co.ellis.tx.us
Must be a scanned application that contains the voter’s original signature. (Per Senate Bill 5 effective December 1, 2017 does not require an original FPCA to be mail when it is emailed.)
Information about Returning your FPCA Ballot Envelope (PDF)
Click the image below to track your mail ballot or correct your application online.
How do you return the ballot to the Early Voting Clerk?
Hard copy by mail, or common or contract courier (like any other ballot by mail)
IF from military voter (or spouse or dependent) in hostile fire pay / imminent danger pay / combat zone, may be faxed using
authorized channels
.
When is the deadline for returning the ballot?
Regular deadline: receipt by 7:00 p.m. Election Day
Deadline for voters voting from overseas location: receipt by 5th day after Election Day
Deadline for the ballot to be
received
is the
6th day after Election Day
for:
Members of the armed forces of the United States, or the spouse or a dependent of a member of the armed forces;
Members of the merchant marines of the United States, or the spouse or a dependent of a member of the merchant marine;
Members of the Texas National Guard, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the Texas National Guard;
Members of the National Guard of another state, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the National Guard of another state;
Members of the military reserves on active duty, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the military reserves on active duty.
3) Early Voting In-Person at the Polling Location
Texas law permits anyone who is registered to vote the option of voting early in person for any reason. The Elections Department establishes and staffs early voting locations throughout Ellis County. Early voting begins either 17 or 12 days prior to a scheduled election (depending on the type of election).
Early Voting Vote Center Locations are listing on our upcoming elections page for each individual election.
Click here.
Required Identification for Voting in Person
(Identificación Requerida Para Votar en Persona)
Your Rights as a Voter
Information on Curbside Votin
g and needing Assi
stance or an Interpreter
Information on the check-in process and voting equipment at the polls
What's allowed at the polling place?
Early Voting
voters can vote at ANY Ellis County Vote Center (Polling Location) that is convenient for you.
Voters can vote near where they work, live, or go to school within the county. Voting at a Vote Center does NOT eliminate your voter registration precinct which is located on your voter registration certificate. Your residence is located in a specific “precinct” or area within the county. The political districts you are eligible to vote on are located on the right side of your voter registration certificate (see below image).  You can also call the Elections office at 972‐825‐5195 to find the closest Vote Center location to you.
Did you receive your new voter’s registration certificate?  Click Here...
Upcoming Elections in Ellis County
For more information on ballot by mail and FPCA’s, call us at 972-825-5195 or email us at
elections@co.ellis.tx.us
or come see us at 204 E Jefferson Street, Waxahachie, Tx 75165.
Jury Services
Election Results
Notify Me®
Emergency Notifications
Report a Concern
Careers
Contact Us
Courts & Administration
109 South Jackson
Waxahachie, TX 75165
Phone:
972-825-5000
Fax: 972-825-5010
Historic Courthouse
101 West Main Street
Waxahachie, TX 75165
Employee Only
Quick Links
Texas Association of Counties
Disaster Notices & Information
Road Closures
Live Commissioners Court Meeting
Auction & Estray Listings
MAPS
Report Illegal Dumping
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
//Add these styles please:
[]
