Military / Overseas Voters | Burnet County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
About Us
Early Voting Schedule
Records
Voter Resources
Search
Current Election - November 3, 2026
Election Workers
Helpful Links
Maps
Polling Locations
Military / Overseas Voters
Vote By Mail
Voter Registration
Voter ID Required
Sample Ballots
Early Voting Schedule
Home
Departments
Elections
Voter Resources
Military / Overseas Voters
Military / Overseas Voters
The Federal Post Card Application (FPCA) is a form provided by federal law to permit members of the U.S. armed forces and merchant marines and their dependents and U.S. citizens abroad to vote early by mail and, if eligible, to register to vote.
View the
FPCA Application (PDF)
, fill out, print and mail to: Burnet County Elections, 220 S Pierce Street, Burnet, TX 78611
You are eligible to vote early with an FPCA if you are qualified to vote in Texas and you are:
A member of the U.S. armed forces, their spouse, or a dependent
A member of the U.S. merchant marines, their spouse, or a dependent
A U.S. citizen domiciled in Texas but temporarily living outside the territorial limits of the United States
Rules Streamline Military / Overseas Voting
Military and overseas voters are now able to request blank ballot materials to be sent to them by email, following rules put in place by the Texas Secretary of State.
In accordance with the Military and Overseas Voter Empowerment (MOVE) Act, the State of Texas has administrative rules that make it easier for military and overseas voters to access the absentee voting process. Included are provisions that allow military service members temporarily residing outside their county of residence, as well as United States citizens residing overseas, to request blank ballot materials to be sent to them by email as well as the establishment of a ballot tracking system allowing military and overseas voters to determine the status of their ballot.
When a voter submits their Federal Post Card Application (FPCA), they may specify that a blank ballot be sent to them via email. Voted ballots must still be returned through regular mail, unless they are sent from a designated war zone and are eligible to be returned by fax. For more information, voters may visit the
Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP) website
or call FVAP at 1800-438-VOTE (8683).
For further information, please visit the following:
Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP) website
Am I Registered
Daily Voter List Download Page
Poll Worker Page
Poll Worker Training
Office address:
106 W. Washington St., Burnet, Tx. 78611.
Main Phone:
512-715-5288
Fax: 512-715-5287
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
