Elections / Voter Registration | Henderson County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Departments
How Do I
Government
Residents
Search
Campaign Finance Reports
Election Information
Election Results
November 3, 2026
Sample Ballots
Voter Roster
Home
Departments
Elections / Voter Registration
Elections / Voter Registration
Current Elections
November 3, 2026
Henderson County Elections Administration
Paula Ludtke, Elections Administrator
The function of the Henderson County Elections Administration is to register voters and maintain accurate voter registration rolls for the 30 Henderson County Voting Tabulation Districts. The office also conducts all countywide and special elections, as well as elections conducted under inter local agreements.
The goal of the Elections Administration is to provide and protect the voting rights of the citizens of Henderson County and assure them that the vote they cast will be effectively and accurately tabulated.
Voting for People with Disabilities
Notice of Voting Order Priority for Voters with Certain Disabilities (PDF)
Making voting accessible to all eligible voters is critical. To ensure that voters with disabilities have access to voting, Henderson County has done the following:
Curbside Voting:
Curbside voting is available at all polling places. Look for the Curbside Voting sign and give us a call. We will bring the ballot to you. Curbside voting is reserved for voters that are physically unable to enter the polling place without personal assistance or likelihood of injuring the voter's health (Texas Election Code Sec. 65.009).
Polling Place Accessibility:
All polling locations in Henderson County are accessible to voters with disabilities as is all the voting equipment. The voting machines have multiple functions that make them accessible to all voters: there is an audio version of the ballot and a braille keypad, the text can be magnified or the screen contract changed to high resolution black and white.
Assistants:
Persons who are unable to read or write or that need physical help with the ballot are able to bring an assistant of their choice to help with the voting process. Only the voter's union representative and employer are ineligible to assist. Election workers are also available upon request to assist.
Ballot by Mail:
Voters with disabilities are also allowed to request a ballot by mail. They can request a ballot for a single election or for all ballots they are eligible for in that calendar year. They can request an application from our office or they can print the application from the
Secretary of State's website (PDF)
and mail it to our office. We have to receive an application from the voter before we can mail the ballot.
For more information on services that are available in Texas for voters with disabilities, visit the
VoteTexas website
.
Election Night Returns Public Portal
State Election Information & Turnout Data
Campaign Finance Reports
Precinct Maps
Public Records Portal
Notices
Related Documents
Notice of Prohibition of Certain Devices 7-9f (PDF)
Notice of Prohibition of Handguns in Polling Place7-9a (PDF)
Notice of Voting Order Priority 7-7bf (PDF)
Voter Information 7-7f (PDF)
Voter Information Spanish 7-7fs (PDF)
Links
Voter Information
ID Requirements for Voting in Person
Contact Us
Paula Ludtke
Election Administrator
Email Paula Ludtke
Elections/Voter Registration
Email Elections/Voter Registration
Physical Address
View Map
201 J East Larkin Street
Athens
,
TX
75751
201 J East Larkin Street Athens TX 75751
Directions
Phone:
903-675-6149
Fax: 903-675-6101
Directory
Agendas & Minutes
Employment
Tax Rate Information
Financial Transparency
Records
Services
Henderson County
Youtube Page
Voter Registration
Purchasing
E - Notification
Submit a Request
Contact The County
/QuickLinks.aspx
Home
Contact Us
Accessibility
Site Map
Copyright Notices
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
