Elections Home | Hudspeth County, TX
Skip Navigation
HOME
SITEMAP
CONTACT
TRANSLATE
Search
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Government
County Judge
Commissioners Court
County Attorney
County Clerk
County Treasurer
County Auditor
Tax Assessor Collector
Sheriff
Constables
Justice of the Peace
34th District Court
205th District Court
394th District Court
District Attorney
District Clerk
Departments
Elections
Elections - Home
Elections 2025-2026
Elections Results 2025 and Earlier
Bail Bond Board
Emergency Management
GIS and 911 Coordinator
County Extension & 4-H
Adult Probation
Juvenile Probation
Indigent Healthcare Program
Landfill & Solid Waste
Financial Transparency
Budgets
Audits
Public Notices
Commissioners Court Agendas & Minutes
Public Notices Calendar
Applications and Permits
Job Openings
How Do I...
Register to Vote
Public Information Request
Elections
Hudspeth County Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Applications & Permits
Calendar of Public Notices
Commissioners Court Forms
County Directory
Court Orders and Resolutions
Elections & Voting
Elections Home
Elections 2025-2026
Elections Results 2025 and Earlier
Emergency Management
Job Openings
Public Information Requests
Community Benefits
Sewage & Septic Tank Information
Brenda Sanchez, Early Voting Clerk
Email:
bsanchez@co.hudspeth.tx.us
Patricia Rose, Voter Registrar
Email:
pjrose@co.hudspeth.tx.us
Office Number:
915-369-2331
Fax:
(915) 369-0055
Office Address:
109 W. Millican St, Sierra Blanca, TX 79851
Office Hours:
Monday-Friday 8:00AM - 5:00PM
State-Wide Results
Texas Election Results
Election Information & Turnout Data
2026 Elections Information
2025 and Earlier Elections Results
IMPORTANT: The Elections Department will not answer questions pertaining to Texas Ethics Commission Forms. These forms are legal documents which warrant legal advice from an attorney. The Commission has attorneys on staff available to assist you.
Candidate Information
▲
Individuals considering candidacy for public office may find preliminary information below. For comprehensive guidance, please refer to the
Texas Secretary of State
and the
Texas Ethics Commission
websites.
Qualifications for Office
The first step in seeking public office is to determine whether you meet the statutory qualifications for the position you intend to pursue. A detailed listing of qualifications for all public offices is available through the
Texas Secretary of State
.
Public Information Notice
Please be advised that all documents and information filed by a candidate are considered public records and are subject to disclosure under the Texas Public Information Act. Any interested party, including citizens, other candidates, or members of the media, may request to review the materials you submit.
Primary Elections are held in March of even numbered years.
The first thing you must do before announcing candidacy for ANY office is file a Campaign Treasurer Appointment form with our office.
IMPORTANT DATES FOR CANDIDATES
These dates will be updated prior to the next primary election season.
Tuesday, September 9, 2025 – First day to file for a place on the primary ballot for Precinct Chair candidates.
Saturday, November 8, 2025 – First day to file for all other candidates for offices regularly scheduled on the primary ballot; also, the first day for independent candidates to file their Declaration of Intent.
Monday, December 8, 2025, at 6:00 p.m. – Filing deadline for primary candidates; also, the filing deadline for independent candidates to submit the Declaration of Intent.
FILING AUTHORITY – COUNTY ELECTION ADMINISTRATOR
All candidates and/or officeholders for county-wide offices, precinct-specific offices within the county, and single-county criminal district attorney must file the following with the County Elections Administrator:
Appointment of Campaign Treasurer by a Candidate (Form CTA)
Code of Fair Campaign Practices (Form CFCP)
Campaign Finance Report (Form C/OH)
Amendments to any of the forms listed above
Texas Ethics Commission — Campaign Finance Schedules
Note: Single-county criminal district attorney candidates/officeholders must file their Personal Financial Statement (Form PFS) directly with the Texas Ethics Commission. For more information, contact the Texas Ethics Commission at (512) 463-5800.
FILING AUTHORITY – COUNTY CHAIR
All candidates and/or officeholders for county-wide offices, precinct-specific offices within the county, single-county district judge, and single-county criminal district attorney must file the following with the County Chair of their political party:
Application for a Place on the Primary Ballot
Filing Fee or Petition in Lieu of the Filing Fee
FILING AUTHORITY –
TEXAS ETHICS COMMISSION
All candidates and/or officeholders for single-county district judge must file directly with the Texas Ethics Commission. For detailed filing requirements, contact the Texas Ethics Commission at (512) 463-5800.
FORMS
The
Texas Secretary of State
website provides the following candidate-filing forms (Make sure the below are in bulletins)
Application, Declaration & Nomination forms
Write-In Candidate forms
Minor Party candidate forms
Petition in Lieu of Filing Fee forms for candidates
Forms for creating a new political party
Independent candidate forms
Each application includes a list of applicable filing fees.
Candidate information, forms and filing guidance are available from the Secretary of State.
Posting deadlines and notice requirements for candidate filings are outlined by the Secretary of State.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Current Party Chairs
▲
Republican Chair
Avi Nash
(915) 808-9545
Email:
avi.cl.nash@protonmail.com
Democratic Chair
Willard "Bill" Guerra-Addington
(915) 799-7780
Email:
waterislife231@gmail.com
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Address
Hudspeth County Courthouse
109 Millican St
Sierra Blanca, TX 79851
Contact
County Directory
Useful Links
Nondiscrimination
Disclaimer
Report Problem
Web Accessibility
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
Hudspeth County, Texas. All rights reserved.
Provided by the
Texas Association of Counties
(opens in a new tab)
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
(opens in a new tab)
TM
