Elections - Runnels County
Skip Navigation
Runnels County Texas
HOME
CONTACT US
TRANSLATE
Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Home
County Offices
County Judge
Past Runnels County Judges
County Attorney
County Clerk
Past County Clerks
County Treasurer
County Assessor/Collector
Constable
Sheriff
Justice of The Peace
Veteran Service Office
County Auditor
District Court
District Court Judge
District Clerk
Past District & County Clerks
District Attorney
Commissioner's Court
Members
Rules of Procedure, Conduct and Decorum
Agendas & Minutes
Financial Transparency
Overview
Audited Financials
Utility Reports
Treasurer Reports
Proposed Budgets
Budgets
Tax Rate
Investment Policy
Debt
Public Notices & News
Public Notices
County News
Employment Opportunities
Job Openings
Contact Us
Foreclosure Notices
Elections
Election Information
Elections Administrator
Elections Website Accessibility Statement
Unclaimed Property
Notice of Estrays
Official Public Records Online
Human Resources
County Holidays
Please Note: Some documents may not be fully accessible to all users, such as forms filled out by hand and digitized via scanning. While we have applied OCR techniques to make them as usable as possible, there are cases where they do not perform well in screen readers. If you need access to this information, please call us at 325.365.5027 and we would be happy to provide the information in an alternate form.
Accessibility
Statement for Runnels County, Texas
We want everyone who visits the Runnels County elections website to feel welcome and find the experience rewarding, going above and beyond the requirements stated
i
n
Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
What are we doing?
To help us make the Runnels County elections website a positive place for everyone, we've have adopted the
Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1
Level AA
. These guidelines explain how to make web content more accessible for people with disabilities, more compatible with assistive technology, and more user friendly for everyone.
How are we doing?
We've worked hard on the Runnels County Elections website, and we've hired certified professionals to help us achieve our goal of WCAG 2.1 Level A & AA accessibility.
The following pages/documents included in the scope of work are:
Elections
Elections administrator
Global elements
The accessibility experts we’ve hired will conduct manual testing on a Windows or Mac computer using NVDA, JAWs, or VoiceOver, as appropriate. Proprietary software is used for all automated testing.
We will monitor the website regularly to maintain our ongoing commitment to delivering a site that is accessible to the largest possible audience.  The Runnels County Election Office would welcome comments and requests from visitors to and users of the Election Website and Elections Online Content about any accessibility barriers to the information and if applicable how to best address or resolve the identified accessibility barriers.  We have a
Disability Complaint Form.docx
that you can fill out electronically, or you can email the Elections Office at
Elections Email
.   We will respond to, as well as resolve or otherwise substantively address any comments or requests within fourteen calendar days from when the Elections Office receives it.  Please review our
American with Disability Grievance Policy.pdf
We will make every reasonable effort to accommodate all requests.
Connect with Us
If you enjoyed using the Runnels County elections website, or if you had
accessibility
issues with any part of it, please get in touch. We'd like to hear from you in any of the following ways:
email us at
Elections Email
call us on (325) 365-5027
Fill out a
Disability Complaint Form.docx
2026 Elections- March Primary, Run off and November 3
▲
Your
Application for Ballot by Mail expires on
December 31st of EACH year,
and you must reapply every year. You can call our office and request an application or print your own:
Application for Mail in Ballot pdf
Last day to request mail in ballot for the November 3, 2026 General Election is October 23, 2026
Please note that ALL voting, Early Voting  will be at the Elections Office located at 600 Strong Ave.
To avoid possible long lines on Election Day- Come vote during early voting!
Early Voting Dates and Hours
October 19-23, 2026    9:00am-6:00pm
Saturday October 24, 2026    7:00am-7:00pm
Sunday October 25, 2026  Noon- 6:00pm
October 26-30, 2026  7:00am-7:00pm
Election Day Tuesday November 3, 2026 7:00am- 7:00pm
Polling Locations for Election Day, Runnels County is Precinct based you must vote in the precinct where you live
Precinct 1 and 7:    600 Strong Ave, Ballinger
Precinct 3,4,5 and 6 :    Rives McCreight Building at 500 Main Street, Winters
Precinct 8:  Ballinger ISD Board RM 802 Conda, Ballinger
Precinct 9:   Weatherby Hall at 109 1st Street, Miles
Precinct 10: Volunteer Fire Depart Rowena at 50 May Street., Rowena
Notices
Political Subdivision Documents
Election documents provided by a political subdivision and posted on this website are posted as received.  The originating political subdivision is responsible for the preparation, content, completeness, accuracy, timely deliver and required translation of its documents.  The Runnels County Elections Administrator does not prepare, complete, alter or correct documents on behalf of a political subdivision.
Orders
Ballinger Resolution for Election 11-3-2026.pdf
BISD Order of Election .pdf
COW ORDER OF GEN ELECTION.pdf
Panthercreek Order.pdf
Miles Election .pdf
Cancellations
BMHOrder of Cancellation.pdf
BMH Certification of Unopposed Candidates.pdf
City of Miles.pdf
Sample Ballots coming soon!
Early Voter Roster
https://goelect.txelections.civixapps.com/ivis-evr-ui/evr
County Positions Up for Re-Election and Date
▲
Every four (4) years- primaries to be held 2026, 2030, 2034 etc.  Official term begins: 2027, 2031 ,2035 etc.
County Judge
District Clerk
County Clerk
County Treasurer
County Commissioner (Pct#2)
County Commissioner (Pct #4)
Justice of the Peace (Pct#1)
Justice of the Peace (Pct#2)
Every 4 years -primaries to be held in 2028, 2032, 2036 etc.  Official term begins: 2029, 2033, 2036 etc.
County Attorney
County Sherriff
County Tax Assessor/collector
County Commissioner (Pct#1)
County commissioner (Pct #2)
Campaign Finance
▲
ADDITIONAL VOTING INFORMATION
▲
Voter ID Requirements, Polling Locations questions (
REGISTRARSE PARA VOTAR
)
VOTETEXAS.GOV
Register to Voter
REGISTRARSE PARA VOTAR
Notice of Voting Order Priority for Voters with Certain Disabilites.pdf
AVISO de PRIORIDAD de ORDEN de VOTACIÓN .pdf
Training Sessions for Election Judges & Clerks
- to be determined
Ssiones De Capacltacion para jueces y secretaries electorales - por determinar
Public Testing of Logic and Accuracy Testing of Direct Recording Electronic Voting Machines -
PRUEBA PUBLICA de Pruebas de Logica  Precision de Maquinas de Votacion Electronica de Grabacion Directa -
If you are not sure what elections you are eligible to vote for,
please contact the voter registrar's office at 325-365-5027.
Si no está seguro de qué elecciones puede votar, comuníquese con la oficina
del registrador de votantes al 325-365-5027.
Any additional questions regarding elections, please call (325) 365-5027
.
Archived Election Results
▲
Please Note: Some documents may not be fully accessible to all users, such as forms filled out by hand and digitized via scanning. While we have applied OCR techniques to make them as usable as possible, there are cases where they do not perform well in screen readers. If you need access to this information, please call us at 325.365.5027 and we would be happy to provide the information in an alternate form.
November 2025.pdf
May 2025 Jail Bond Election Precinct Results.pdf
How to find us.
Runnels County Courthouse
613 Hutchins Ave
Ballinger, TX 76821
How to reach us.
Phone: (325) 365-2633
info@runnelscounty.org
Accessibility
Google Map Loading...
Provided by the Texas Association of Counties
Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
{{COUNTY}}
{{STATE}}
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
