Voter Registration | Howard County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Financial Transparency
County Offices
District Court
Elections
Public Notices
Search
Election Information
Voter Information
Voter Registration
Home
Elections
Voter Registration
Voter Registration
How to Register to Vote (PDF)
A voter registration application must be submitted to the Voter Registrar's office, located at 2006 FM 700, Big Spring, Texas 79720. The application may be delivered in person, mailed, or delivered by a deputy voter registrar. You cannot register via the internet but you can change a name and/or address within the same county in which you are registered.
Your voter registration becomes effective 30 days after it is received by our office. There is no registration by political party in Texas. Citizens register in their county of current residence.
You may obtain your voter registration application here and we will help you with any questions you might have.
You will have an opportunity to register to vote when you get your driver's license renewed. However, you will not be registered with this office until we receive and process your application.
Eligibility for Registration
be 18 years of age or older
be a United States Citizen
cannot have been determined totally mentally incapacitated or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote
cannot have been finally convicted of a felony, or, if so, must have fully discharged all conditions of the sentence or pardoned
be a resident of the county in which application for registration is made.
Remember:
you must be registered at least 30 days prior to any election. For further information call 432-264-2273.
Get Application
- Complete, Print, mail or drop off in person.
Verify voter registration online
- check you status, address, and precincts.
Visit the Vote Texas Website
Agendas & Minutes
Employment
Howard County Courthouse
300 Main Street
Big Spring, TX 79720
Hours: 8 am to 5 pm Monday through Friday
Home
Site Map
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
