Mason County, Texas
Skip Navigation
Mason County Texas
HOME
CONTACT US
TRANSLATE
GO
Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Home
County Offices
County Judge
County Attorney
County Clerk
County Treasurer
County Tax Assessor/Collector
Sheriff
Justice of The Peace
EMS
Road & Bridge
Library
Nutrition Program
District Court
District Court Judge
District Clerk
District Attorney
Financial Transparency
Utility Reports
Treasurer Reports
Budgets
Tax Rate
Check Registers
Local Debt Report
Public Notices & News
Public Notices
County News
Employment Opportunities
Job Postings
Sheriff
Indigent Health Care
Commissioners Court
Agenda & Minutes
Calendar
Members
Rules of Procedure, Conduct and Decorum
Veterans Services
Elections
Sanitation & Floodplain
Notice of Estrays
Public Information Request Form
Public Transportation
Tax Abatement Guidelines and Criteria
Subdivision Regulations
Mason County Historical Commission
Emergency Management
Human Resources
Contact Us
Useful Links
▲
Texas A&M AgriLife Extension Office
Hazard Mitigation Plan
Veteran's Information Portal
Landowner's Bill of Rights
Mason County is "Closed Range" or "Fenced In" - click
here
to view the Stock Law Proclamation and answers to common questions
Mental & Behavioral Health - Local Mental Health Authority serving Mason County
Mason County Web Accessibility Statement
Guide to Medicaid In Texas
Welcome to Mason County!
As of April 12, 2026, Mason County is not under a Burn Ban.
Executive Order Lifting Burn Ban
2027 Budget and 2026 Tax Rate Information:
2026 Tax Rate Calculation Worksheet
TNT Data – Mason CAD – Official Site
Regional Association Elects Commissioner Loeffler to Leadership Post
Mason County Commissioner Reggie Loeffler was recently elected president of the West Texas County Judges and Commissioners Association, a 119-county sub-region of the County Judges and Commissioners Association of Texas (CJCAT).
Several hundred county officials and guests honored Loeffler as he took his oath of office during the Association’s annual conference conducted in Wichita Falls April 21-24.
The CJCAT is a statewide organization comprised of County Judges and County Commissioners with more than 1,200 active members. Both the CJCAT and its regional associations promote the interests of county government through continuing education and active participation in governmental affairs, particularly the Texas Legislature.
“The people of West Texas and the members of the Association will be well served by the leadership provided by Commissioner Loeffler and the other officers,” said Jim Allison, general counsel to the CJCAT. “We look forward to a successful year for the organization.”
As president of the Association, Loeffler will keep apprised of legislative proposals and interim studies
that will impact county government and the services provided to taxpayers, and he will travel to Austin to testify on behalf of counties as the need arises. As part of his leadership role, Loeffler will also help plan the Association’s annual conference, which offers state-mandated continuing education hours for County Judges and County Commissioners.
For more information on this article, please contact Julie Anderson, editor of
County Progress
Magazine, at 325-280-1158 or
julie@countyprogress.com
.
Mason County's T92
2026 State Airport of the Year
Click link to watch video:
https://vimeo.com/1176630775?share=copy&fl=sv&fe=ci
Mr. Ty Helton
, Greenville Municipal Airport, Former President of Texas Aviation Council
Mr. Dave Underwood
, Pct 4 County Commissioner, Mason County
Mrs. Sheree Hardin
, County Judge, Mason County
Mr. Leslie Klaerner
, Director of Maintenance, Mason County
Mr. Dan Harmon
, Director of TxDOT Aviation Division
State of Texas Resolution
WHEREAS
,  Mason County Airport has been selected as the 2026 State Airport of the Year by the Texas Department of Transportation Aviation Division; and
WHEREAS,
Established in 1945, Mason County Airport is a public-use, general aviation facility; located several miles southeast of Mason and spanning 232 acres, the airport serves as a catalyst for economic growth across the county and the surrounding region; and
WHEREAS
,  A number of significant improvement projects in recent years have greatly enhanced airport safety and operational efficiency; these include the installation of new electrical and lighting systems to provide pilots with better visibility, the rehabilitation and remarking of the facility's paved surfaces, and the addition of a turnaround run-up pad and a wildlife perimeter fence; moreover, improvements were made to the airfield drainage systems and the terminal building, and plans are currently underway for increasing the facility's hangar space; and
WHEREAS
,  Mason County Airport serves as a vital resource for area residents and visitors to the Texas Hill County, and its ongoing contributions to its community and to the Lone Star State making it a fitting recipient of this prestigious honor; now therefore, be it
RESOLVED
, That the Mason County Airport be congratulated on its selection as the 2026 State Airport of the Year by the Texas Department of Transportation Aviation Division and that all those associated with the facility be extended best wishes for continued success.
Charles Perry
Wes Virdell
State Senator
State Representative
District 28
District 53
VISIT OUR EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT PAGE FOR UPDATES ON
...
Outdoor sirens – tested quarterly
Sheriff’s App – National Weather Service feed and other notices
Emergency Preparedness Information
How to find us.
201 Ft. McKavett St.
Mason, TX 76856
Accessibility
Google Map Loading...
Provided by the Texas Association of Counties
Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
{{COUNTY}}
{{STATE}}
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
