Elections & Voting Home | Hudspeth County, TX
Skip Navigation
Home
Sitemap
Contact Us
Translate
Search
Sherman County, Texas
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Government
Commissioners Court
County Attorney
County Clerk
County Judge
County Treasurer
District Clerk
District Court
Justice of the Peace
Sheriff
Tax Assessor Collector
Departments
Elections
Elections - Home
Elections 2026
Elections 2025 and Earlier
Campaign Finance & Historical Election Results
Emergency Management
Sherman County Library
Texas AgriLife
Financial Transparency
Audit Reports
Budgets
Tax Abatement
Treasurer Reports
Truth in Taxation
Utility Reports
Public Notices
County Calendar
County News
Foreclosure Notices
Job Openings
Public Notices
How Do I...
Pay Property Taxes Online
Register to Vote
Search Official County Records
Elections & Voting Home
Sherman County Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Agendas & Minutes
Commissioners Meeting Videos
Forms & Permits
Online Court Payments
Emergency Management
Ordinances & Resolutions
Elections & Voting
Financial Transparency
Job Openings
County Directory
Voter Registrar
County and District Clerk
Laura Rogers
Mailing Address:
PO Box 270
Stratford, TX 79084
Street Address:
701 North 3rd
Stratford, TX 79084
Office Hours:
Monday-Thursday 8AM-5PM
Friday 8AM-Noon
Open during lunch daily
806-366-2371
laurarogers@co.sherman.tx.us
Voter Resources / Recursos Para El Votante
▲
General Information:
VoteTexas.gov
Texas Vote411.org
Frequently Asked Questions
En Español:
En Español VoteTexas.gov
En Español Texas Vote411.org
Preguntas Frecuentes
Election Results:
Texas Election Results
Texas Election Information & Turnout Results
Need help? Call 1-800-252-VOTE (8683)
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Register to Vote
Well before each election, it is a good idea to check and make sure you are registered to vote:
Am I Registered to Vote in Texas?
If you are registered but need to update your name or address:
Update Your Voter Registration Name or Address
You will need your Voter Unique Identifier (VUID) which you can get by clicking the "Am I Registered to Vote in Texas" link above.
The County must receive your voter registration application at least 30 days before an election.
Ways to register to vote:
In person.
Visit the Voter Registrar's office at 701 North 3rd, Stratford, TX 79084
Online/Print and Mail.
Fill out your voter registration application online here.
Print, sign, add postage, and mail it to Voter Registrar, PO Box 270, Stratford, TX 79084
By mail.
You can pick up a postage-free mail-in application at the Voter Registrar office, the Department of Public Safety, the public library, or high schools.
With a Volunteer Deputy Registrar
(VDR).
A VDR can provide the form to fill out and deliver your completed form to the Voter Registrar office.
Become a Volunteer Deputy Registrar
-
VoteTexas.gov » Volunteer Deputy Registrars
Cómo convertirse en un Secretario Adjunto Voluntario -
Subregistradores voluntarios (votetexas.gov)
More information:
Register to Vote in Texas
/
Registro de votantes de Texas
Early Voting
Texas is a pioneer in early voting, having become the first U.S. state to offer in-person early voting in the 1980s.
You do not have to meet any special qualifications to vote early in person
– if you are registered and qualified to vote on Election Day, you can vote during the early voting period. Your ballot during the early voting period is exactly the same as the one provided on election day. This makes the voting process more convenient and accessible; choose to vote on a day that is easier for you.
Generally, early voting in person begins the 17th day before Election Day (if that’s a weekend, early voting starts on Monday) and ends the 4th day before Election Day. All other voting rules and procedures apply – e.g., eligibility and polling hours.
(NOTE: Early voting for some special elections and for elections held in May starts the 12th day before Election Day and ends on the 4th day before Election Day.
Photo ID at the Polls
Bring
one of the seven allowed forms of photo ID
when you vote; the most common one is your Texas driver's license. Voters
who do not possess and cannot reasonably obtain one of these photo IDs
may fill out a Reasonable Impediment Declaration (RID) at the
polls and present an alternative form of ID, such as a utility bill,
bank statement, government check, or voter registration postcard.
More information about voting in person
from VoteTexas.gov
How to use the Election Equipment
This video shows how to mark your selections using the ExpressVote elections equipment.
Video: ExpressVote How to Vote - Election Systems & Software
Vote by Mail
▲
You may vote early by mail if:
65 years of age or older on Election Day;
Sick or disabled;
Expecting to give birth within three weeks before or after Election Day;
Absent from the county of registration during the Early Voting period and on Election Day;
Civilly committed under Chapter 841 of the Texas Health and Safety Code; or
Confined in jail, but otherwise eligible.
You may contact the County Clerk's office for an application to vote by mail at 806-366-2371 or click here:
Application to Vote by Mail
PLEASE MAIL APPLICATIONS TO:
Sherman County Clerk PO Box 270 Stratford, TX 79084
For more information:
Vote by Mail in Texas
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Votación por Correo
▲
Pueda votar temprano por correo si:
Si tiene 65 o más años de edad o Discapacidad (como está definido en el Código Electoral de Texas 82.002(a),
Estaré por dar a luz dentro de las tres semanas antes o después del día de las elecciones.
Estaré ausente del condado (Usted solo puede solicitar una boleta por correo para una elección, y cualquier elección de desempate resultante, si su periodo de tiempo ausente del condado incluye ambas elecciones)
Confinado en cárcel o compromiso civil involuntario (Usted solo puede solicitar una boleta por correo para una elección, y cualquier elección de desempate resultante)
Solicitud de Boleta Postal SPANISH.pdf
Puede comunicarse con la oficina del Secretario del Condado para obtener una solicitud de voto por correo al 806-366-2371
ENVIE LAS SOLICITUDES POR CORREO A:
SECRETARIO DEL CONDADO DO SHERMAN
PO BOX 270 Stratford, TX 79084
Votación Por Correo
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Military and Overseas Voters
▲
First and foremost, we would like to thank you, the military voters, for your service to our country.
To all U.S. citizens overseas, thank you for your interest in your country’s elections while far away. (Federal voting law defines “overseas” as anywhere outside the United States. This includes Canada and Mexico.) Military and overseas voters are welcome to use the regular registration and early voting by mail process (also known as absentee voting) available to all voters away from their home county on Election Day. However, there are also special provisions for you:
Information for Military and Overseas Voters
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Voters May Use Interpreters at the Polls
▲
Voters who cannot speak English, or who communicate only with sign language, may use an interpreter to help them communicate with election officials, regardless of whether the election official(s) attending to the voter can speak the same language as the voter. The voter may select any person other than the voter’s employer, an agent of the voter’s employer, or an officer or agent of a labor union to which the voter belongs. If the voter cannot read the languages on the ballot, the interpreter may also act as an assistant for the voter, but they must follow the procedures for an assistant. (See assistance section above for more details.) If the voter is deaf and does not have a sign language interpreter who can accompany them to help communicate with the poll worker or read the ballot, the voter should contact his or her local election officials before the election and request assistance.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Los Votantes Pueden Usar los Servicios de Intérpretes en los Comicios
▲
Los votantes que no puedan hablar inglés o que solo se comuniquen en lenguaje de señas pueden usar los servicios de un intérprete para que les ayude a comunicarse con los funcionarios electorales, independientemente de si los funcionarios que asisten al votante pueden o no hablar el mismo idioma que el votante. El votante puede elegir a cualquier persona que no sea su empleador, un agente del empleador del votante, o un funcionario o agente de un sindicato al cual pertenezca el votante. Si el votante no puede leer los idiomas en que está escrita la boleta, el intérprete también puede actuar como asistente del votante, pero debe seguir los procedimientos correspondientes a un asistente. (Vea la sección anterior sobre asistencia para obtener más detalles). Si el votante es sordo y no cuenta con un intérprete de lenguaje de señas que pueda acompañarlo para ayudarle a comunicarse con el trabajador electoral o para leer la boleta, debe comunicarse con sus funcionarios electorales locales antes de la elección y solicitar asistencia.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Voters With Disabilities
▲
Voter Registration
People with disabilities have the right to register to vote so long as they are eligible, which means they:
Are citizens of the United States;
Are at least 17 years and 10 months old at time of registration (but to vote, they must be 18 years of age by Election Day);
Have not been finally convicted of a felony, or if they have been convicted, have completed all of their punishment, including any term of incarceration, parole, supervision, probation, or have received a pardon;
Note: Deferred adjudication is not a final felony conviction.
Have not been determined by a final judgment of a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be totally mentally incapacitated or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote.
Individuals who have legal guardians may be eligible to register, depending on whether the court took away their right to vote. All guardianship orders issued after September 1, 2007 must state whether the individual can vote.
People with disabilities can receive assistance registering to vote from any state agency that provides services to persons with disabilities or from any person they choose.
Accessible Voting Systems
On September 1, 1999, Texas became the first state to require that all new voting systems be accessible to voters with disabilities and provide a practical and effective means for voters with disabilities to cast a secret ballot.
In every federal election (and most nonfederal elections), each polling place will offer at least one type of accessible voting equipment. This equipment allows voters with disabilities to vote directly on the system or assist them in marking the paper ballot. Depending on the type of system, voters with disabilities may use headphones or other assistive devices to help them vote independently and secretly.
In certain nonfederal elections held in counties with a population of less than 20,000, accessible machines may not be available at every polling place. To determine if accessible machines will be available or to request an accommodation, contact the early voting clerk of the county or political subdivision holding the election at least 21 days before the election.
Learn more about voting systems certified for use in Texas elections.
All Polling Places in Texas Must be Accessible
Polling places should support voters, not hinder them. When you go to the polls in Texas, you can expect:
Your polling place will meet strict accessibility standards, including:
A location on the ground floor that can be entered from the street or via an elevator with doors that open at least 36 inches
Doors, entrances, and exits used to enter or leave the polling place that are at least 32 inches wide
Any curb next to the main entrance to the polling place must have curb-cuts or temporary non-slip ramps
Stairs necessary to enter or leave the polling place must have handrails on each side and a non-slip ramp
Removal of all barriers such as gravel, automatically closing gates, closed doors without lever-type handles, or any other barrier that impedes the path of a person with physical disabilities to the voting station
Voting systems that are accessible to voters with physical disabilities and can accommodate no vision, low vision, no hearing, low hearing, limited manual dexterity, limited reach, limited strength, no mobility, low mobility, or any combination of the foregoing (except the combination of no hearing and no vision)
Each polling place will offer at least one type of accessible voting equipment. This equipment allows voters with disabilities to vote directly on the system or assist them in marking the paper ballot. Depending on the type of system, voters with disabilities may use headphones or other assistive devices to help them vote independently and secretly.
Voters May Receive Assistance at the Polls
If you need assistance at the polls, tell the election official if you are a voter who needs help to vote. You do not have to provide proof of your disability.
For guidance on which voters are eligible to receive assistance at the polling place, please see
Section 208 of the Voting Rights Act (VRA)
which provides for voters who need assistance to vote by reason of blindness, disability, or inability to read or write.
Voters may be assisted by:
Any person the voter chooses who is not an election worker;
Two election workers on Election Day; or
One election worker during early voting.
Voters MAY NOT be assisted by:
Their employer;
An agent of their employer; or
An officer or agent of their union.
The person assisting the voter must read him or her the entire ballot, unless the voter asks to have only parts of the ballot read. The person assisting the voter must take an oath that he or she will not try to influence the voter’s vote and will mark the ballot as the voter directs. If the voter chooses to be assisted by polling place officials, poll watchers and election inspectors may observe the voting process, but if the voter asks to be assisted by a person the voter chooses, no one else may watch him or her vote.
It is illegal for a person assisting the voter to:
Try to influence the voter’s vote;
Mark the voter’s ballot in a way other than the way they have asked; or
Tell anyone how the voter voted.
Curbside Voting
If a voter is physically unable to enter the polling place, he or she may ask that an election officer bring a ballot to the entrance of the polling place or to a car parked at the curbside. After the voter marks the ballot, they will give it to the election officer, who will put it in the ballot box. Or, at the voter’s request, a companion may hand the voter a ballot and deposit it for him or her.
TIP FOR VOTERS WITH DISABILITIES:
The law requires that each polling place must designate a parking space for curbside voting. The space must be clearly marked with a sign that indicates that the space is reserved for curbside voting. The sign should display a telephone number that a voter may call or text to request assistance from an election officer. Some polling locations may provide a button or an intercom that a voter can use to request assistance. Generally speaking, you may vote curbside during the early voting period (the 17th day before Election Day until the 4th day before Election Day for most elections) or on Election Day. For a May uniform election date or resulting runoff election or some special elections, the early voting period is the 12th day before Election Day until the 4th day before Election Day.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Votantes Discapacitados
▲
Registro de votantes
Las personas discapacitadas tienen derecho a registrarse para votar, siempre que sean elegibles a tal fin, lo que significa que:
Sean ciudadanas de los Estados Unidos;
Tengan al menos 17 años y 10 meses de edad en el momento en que se registran (pero, para votar, deben tener 18 años cumplidos al día de la elección);
No hayan sido condenadas en sentencia definitiva por un delito, o, si han sido condenadas, deben haber purgado su condena, incluido todo plazo de encarcelamiento, libertad condicional, supervisión y período de prueba, o deben haber sido indultadas;
Nota: la adjudicación diferida no constituye una condena en sentencia definitiva por delito.
No haber sido declaradas incapaces mentales total o parcialmente sin derecho a voto por sentencia definitiva de un tribunal que ejerza la jurisdicción sucesoria.
Las personas que tengan tutores legales pueden ser elegibles para registrarse, dependiendo de si el tribunal les quitó o no su derecho a voto. Todas las órdenes de tutela emitidas después del 1 de septiembre de 2007 deben indicar si la persona puede votar.
Para registrarse para votar, las personas discapacitadas pueden recibir asistencia de parte de la agencia del estado que ofrece servicios a personas con discapacidades o de cualquier persona que elijan.
Sistemas de votación accesibles
El 1 de septiembre de 1999, Texas se convirtió en el primer estado en exigir que todos los nuevos sistemas de votación sean accesibles para los votantes con discapacidades y provean un medio práctico y eficaz para que dichos votantes puedan emitir un voto secreto.
En cualquier elección federal (y la mayoría de las elecciones no federales), cada lugar de votación debe ofrecer al menos un tipo de equipo de votación accesible. Este equipo les permite a los votantes discapacitados votar directamente en el sistema o les ayuda a marcar la boleta de papel. Dependiendo del tipo de sistema, los votantes discapacitados pueden usar auriculares u otros dispositivos asistenciales como ayuda para votar en forma independiente y secreta.
En ciertas elecciones no federales que se llevan a cabo en los condados con una población inferior a 20,000 personas, es posible que no se disponga de máquinas accesibles en todos los lugares de votación. Para determinar si se dispondrá de máquinas accesibles o para solicitar una adaptación, comuníquese con el secretario de votación anticipada del condado o la subdivisión política que lleva a cabo el acto electoral al menos 21 días antes del día de la elección.
Haga clic aquí para obtener más información sobre los sistemas de votación certificados para su uso en las elecciones de Texas.
Todos los lugares de votación de Texas deben ser accesibles
Los lugares de votación deben apoyar a los votantes, no ponerles obstáculos. Cuando concurra a comicios en Texas, podrá esperar lo siguiente:
Su lugar de votación cumplirá estrictas normas de accesibilidad, incluido lo siguiente:
Un centro en planta baja al cual se pueda acceder desde la calle o a través de un ascensor con puertas que se abran al menos 36 pulgadas
Puertas, entradas y salidas utilizadas para entrar o salir del lugar de votación que tengan al menos 32 pulgadas de ancho
Cualquier borde o cordón de acera correspondiente a la entrada principal del lugar de votación debe tener bordes o rampas antideslizantes temporales
Las escaleras necesarias para entrar o salir del lugar de votación deben tener pasamanos a cada lado y una rampa antideslizante
La eliminación de todas las barreras tales como grava, puertas de cierre automático, puertas cerradas sin manijas tipo palanca o cualquier otra barrera que impida el paso de una persona físicamente discapacitada hacia la estación de votación
Sistemas de votación accesibles para los votantes físicamente discapacitados y que pueden adaptarse a personas no videntes, con escasa visión, sordas, con poca audición, destreza manual limitada, alcance limitado, fuerza limitada, sin movilidad, baja movilidad o cualquier combinación de los anteriores (a excepción de la combinación de falta de audición y de visión)
Cada lugar de votación deberá ofrecer al menos un tipo de equipo de votación accesible. Este equipo les permite a los votantes discapacitados votar directamente en el sistema o les ayuda a marcar la boleta de papel. Dependiendo del tipo de sistema, los votantes discapacitados pueden usar auriculares u otros dispositivos asistenciales como ayuda para votar en forma independiente y secreta.
Los votantes pueden recibir asistencia en los comicios
Si necesita asistencia en los comicios, informe al funcionario electoral si usted es un votante que necesita ayuda para votar. No es necesario que presente una prueba de su discapacidad.
Para obtener información sobre qué votantes son elegibles para recibir asistencia en el lugar de votación, por favor consulte la
Sección 208 de la Ley de Derechos Electorales (“VRA” por sus siglas en inglés)
, que provee a los votantes que necesitan asistencia para votar por razones de ceguera, discapacidad o incapacidad para leer o escribir.
Los votantes pueden recibir asistencia de:
Cualquier persona que el votante elija y no sea un trabajador electoral;
Dos trabajadores electorales el día de la elección; o
Un trabajador electoral durante la votación anticipada.
Los votantes NO PUEDEN recibir asistencia de:
Su empleador;
Un agente de su empleador; o
Un funcionario o agente de su sindicato.
La persona que asista al votante debe leerle toda la boleta, a menos que el votante le pida que le lea solo algunas partes. La persona que asista al votante debe prestar juramento de que no tratará de influir en el voto del votante y que marcará la boleta según lo que le indique el votante. Si el votante opta por ser asistido por funcionarios del lugar de votación, los observadores y los inspectores electorales pueden observar el proceso de votación, pero si el elector solicita ser asistido por una persona que elija, nadie más puede observarlo mientras vota.
Es ilegal que una persona que asiste al votante:
Trate de influir en el voto del votante;
Marque la boleta del votante de una manera que no sea la que le solicitaron; o
Informe a cualquier persona cómo votó el votante.
Votación en la Acera
Si un votante se encuentra físicamente incapacitado para ingresar al lugar de votación, puede solicitar que un funcionario electoral le lleve una boleta a la entrada del centro o a un automóvil estacionado en la acera. Una vez que el votante marque la boleta, deberá entregársela al funcionario electoral, quien procederá a ponerla en la urna. O bien, a pedido del votante, un acompañante puede entregarle una boleta y depositarla en su nombre.
SUGERENCIAS PARA VOTANTES DISCAPACITADOS:
La ley exige que cada lugar de votación designe una espacio de estacionamiento para la votación desde la acera. El espacio debe estar claramente marcado con un aviso que indique que el espacio está reservado para la votación desde la acera. El aviso debe mostrar un número de teléfono al que el votante pueda llamar o enviar un mensaje de texto para solicitar la asistencia de un funcionario electoral. Algunos lugares de votación pueden proporcionar un botón o un intercomunicador que un votante puede utilizar para solicitar asistencia. En términos generales, usted puede votar en la acera durante el período de votación anticipada (desde el día 17 hasta el día 4 antes del día de la elección en la mayoría de las elecciones) o el día de la elección. Para una fecha de elección uniforme de mayo o una elección de segunda vuelta resultante o algunas elecciones especiales, el período de votación anticipada es desde el día 12 hasta el día 4 antes del día de la elección.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Vote in Honor of a Veteran
▲
More information on"Vote in Honor of a Veteran"
Biography Form for "Vote in Honor of a Veteran"
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Elimination of Straight-Party Voting
▲
If you wish to vote for all of the candidates affiliated with one party, you should select each candidate one at a time on your ballot. House Bill 25, passed during the 85th Legislative Session, eliminated straight-party voting effective September 1, 2020.
Si desea votar por todos los candidatos afiliados a un partido, debe seleccionar a cada candidato uno a la vez en su boleta. El Proyecto de Ley 25 de la Cámara de Representantes, aprobado durante la 85a Sesión Legislativa, eliminó la votación de partido único a partir del 1 de septiembre de 2020.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Get Paid or Volunteer With Elections
Become an election worker
Become a Volunteer Deputy Voter Registrar
Poll Watchers Guide
Student Clerks
Interested in Running for Office?
Candidate information, forms and filing guidance are available from the Secretary of State and the Texas Ethics Commission.
Candidate Information and Guides to Running for Office - Texas Secretary of State
Texas Ethics Commission
You can also contact your political party for more information and resources:
Texas Republican Party
Texas Democratic Party
Notice of Voting Order Priority.pdf
Policy for Inspecting Sensitive Documents In Person.pdf
Party Affiliation Questions and Answers
Sherman County, Texas
Contact
Sherman County Courthouse
|  701 N 3rd St  |  Stratford, TX 79084
Phone:
(806) 366-2021
Web Accessibility
Disclaimer
Nondiscrimination
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
Sherman County, Texas. All rights reserved.
Provided by the
Texas Association of Counties
(opens in a new tab)
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
(opens in a new tab)
TM
