Wood County Home | Wood County, Texas
Skip Navigation
HOME
·
STAFF
·
TRANSLATE
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
GOVERNMENT
Commissioner's Court
Constables
County Auditor
County Clerk
County Judge
County Treasurer
District Attorney
District Clerk
District Judge
Justice of the Peace
Sheriff's Office
Tax Assessor Collector
DEPARTMENTS
Cooperative Extension Office
CSCD (Adult Probation)
Elections/Voter Registration
Fire Marshal & Emergency Management
Human Resources
Indigent Health Care
Information Technology
Juvenile Probation
Veteran's Services
I WANT TO...
...Make a Payment
Welcome to Wood County
Wood County, Texas, is a hidden gem nestled in the heart of East Texas, offering the perfect blend of natural beauty, small-town charm, and a thriving community spirit. Known for its picturesque landscapes, including the lush piney woods and sparkling lakes like Lake Fork and Lake Holbrook, it’s a paradise for outdoor enthusiasts and anglers. Beyond its natural allure, Wood County boasts vibrant towns like Quitman, Mineola, and Winnsboro, rich in history, art, and culture, with lively farmer’s markets, festivals, and unique local businesses. Whether you're seeking a serene retreat or a welcoming place to call home, Wood County offers a high quality of life, affordable living, and a sense of belonging that’s hard to find elsewhere.
Welcome to Wood County
Wood County, Texas, is a hidden gem nestled in the heart of East Texas, offering the perfect blend of natural beauty, small-town charm, and a thriving community spirit. Known for its picturesque landscapes, including the lush piney woods and sparkling lakes like Lake Fork and Lake Holbrook, it’s a paradise for outdoor enthusiasts and anglers. Beyond its natural allure, Wood County boasts vibrant towns like Quitman, Mineola, and Winnsboro, rich in history, art, and culture, with lively farmer’s markets, festivals, and unique local businesses. Whether you're seeking a serene retreat or a welcoming place to call home, Wood County offers a high quality of life, affordable living, and a sense of belonging that’s hard to find elsewhere.
Welcome to Wood County
Wood County, Texas, is a hidden gem nestled in the heart of East Texas, offering the perfect blend of natural beauty, small-town charm, and a thriving community spirit. Known for its picturesque landscapes, including the lush piney woods and sparkling lakes like Lake Fork and Lake Holbrook, it’s a paradise for outdoor enthusiasts and anglers. Beyond its natural allure, Wood County boasts vibrant towns like Quitman, Mineola, and Winnsboro, rich in history, art, and culture, with lively farmer’s markets, festivals, and unique local businesses. Whether you're seeking a serene retreat or a welcoming place to call home, Wood County offers a high quality of life, affordable living, and a sense of belonging that’s hard to find elsewhere.
Active slide image alt text will be announced here
County
Directory
Event
Calendar
Online
Services
Employment
Openings
Financial
Transparency
News and Information
Links and Resources
About Wood County
Estray Animal Notices
211 Texas
Lake Hawkins RV Park
RAVE/Smart911
- Emergency Notification System
Project Lifesaver
FY2027 Proposed Budget
We strive to assure the highest quality of life for those who choose to live, work, and play here while protecting the Wood County economic well-being for current and future generations.
Public Notices
Foreclosure Notices
Subdivision Information
Crime Stoppers
Local Links
Visiting Wood County
City of Quitman
City of Mineola
Hawkins Area Chamber
City of Winnsboro
Wood County EDC
County Appraisal District
Are you thinking of visiting Wood County, Texas? Wood County has a lot to offer to tourists and we look forward to welcoming you to our county. This page contains several links to other websites related to tourism, transportation, and other attractions in Wood County.
Wood County Economic Development Commission - The Wood County Economic Development Commission investigates and undertakes ways of promoting development of business, industry and commerce in the county.
Wood County Airport - Contains all information for pilots who are interested in flying into Wood County Airport (JDD) AWOS (Automated Weather Observation System) located at Wood County Airport. Provides current weather conditions as observed at the Wood County Airport Terminal Building
Radio Freq. - 118.9 MHz
Voice Announcer - +1 (903) 768-3065
Press ENTER key to focus on the active panel
Wood County Courthouse  |  100 S. Main Street  |  Quitman, Texas 75783  |  (903) 763-1236
Staff Login
Web Accessibility
Copyright © Wood County, Texas
2016
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
