Elections Ballot by Mail - Caldwell County, TX
Skip Navigation
Home
Sitemap
Contact Us
Translate
Securing our future through County Governance
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
County Information
Weddings and Marriage Licenses
Current Transportation Plan
Safety Action Plan
Caldwell County Precinct Map
Caldwell County Historical Commission
Caldwell County Mapbook
About Data Centers
Resolution regarding Data Centers
Contact Information
County Calendar
Financial Transparency
Media Center
Metropolitan Planning Organization
Ordinances
Proclamations
Public Information Request
Public Notices
Road Closures
Government Officials
County Judge
Constables
Commissioners Court
County Auditor
County Clerk
Foreclosure Notices
County Court at Law
Sheriff
Tax Assessor/Collector
County Treasurer
District Attorney
District Clerk
Justice of the Peace
Precinct 1
Precinct 2
Precinct 3
Precinct 4
Departments and Services
General Information
Aging Advisory Council
Building Maintenance
Child Welfare Board
Community and Evacuation Center
Economic Development
Elections Office & Voter Registration
Emergency Management
Extension Office
Code Enforcement
Grants Administration
Human Resources
Indigent Health Care
Information Technology
911 Rural Addressing
Probation
Adult
Juvenile
Purchasing Department
Sanitation / Development Services
Unit Road
Unit Road Administrator
Unit Road Updates and FAQs
Veterans Services
Courts
District Court
County Court at Law
22nd District Court
207th District Court
421st District Court
Caldwell County Justice Center
District Attorney
District Clerk
Useful Links
Caldwell County Road Bond
Child Welfare Board
Crisis Hotlines & Resources
P.A.C.E.
Pay Tickets Online
Sheriff's Tax Sale
Texas DPS Drivers License Office
About TextMyGov
Water Supplier Information
How Do I...
Bid on a Project
Pay a Ticket Online
Search for a County Job
Get Married at the Courthouse
Apply for a Mass Gathering Permit
Apply for a Marriage License
Apply for a filming permit
Sign up for Commissioners Court alerts
Report illegal dumping
Elections Office
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Elections Office - Home
Staff
Election Commission, Committee & Board
Election Information
Election Results
Ballot by Mail
Election Equipment
Early Voting Locations
Election Day Locations
Election Information
Voter Information
Voter Name & Address Changes
Register to Vote
Am I Registered to Vote?
Voters with Special Needs
Voter Information
Candidate Information
Campaign Finance Report
Local Officeholders
Get Involved
Community Outreach
Becoming an Election Worker
Volunteer Deputy Registrar
Student Worker
Poll Watcher
Get Involved
Resources
Caldwell County Elections
Vote By Mail
Voting by mail in Texas has been available to registered Voters of Caldwell County who meets state requirements for decades. However, there are many legal safeguards designed to protect voters, their ballots, and to help enforce the privacy of the voter’s home.
There are also two new features available through the
Secretary of State's Office
to assist in tracking your voter information, Application for Ballot by Mail, and your Mail Ballot.
Track my Application/Ballot
Election Information
Check my Registration
Application Ballot by Mail (English)
Application Ballot by Mail (Spanish)
Track my FPCA Application/Ballot
**You may also call our office at
(512) 668-4347
to request to have an application mailed.**
Here are a few tips that may prove helpful:
Eligibility
Voting by mail in Texas is limited to voters who are:
•
65 years of age or older on Election Day
•
Sick or disabled
•
Expecting to give birth within three weeks before or after Election Day
•
Absent from the county of registration during the Early Voting period and on Election Day
•
Civilly committed under Chapter 841 of the Texas Health and Safety Code; or
•
Confined in jail, but otherwise eligible
What to Provide
To vote by mail, you must provide ONE of the following numbers on your application to vote by mail:
Texas Driver License
Texas Personal ID Card
Texas Election ID Certificate
Social Security Card
NOTE:
Election ID issued by the Texas Department of Public Safety (
NOT your voter registration VUID number
). If you have not been issued one of the numbers above, the last 4 digits of your Social Security Number.
If you have not been issued a Texas Driver’s License, Texas Personal Identification Number or Texas Election Identification Certificate Number or a Social Security Number,
you must indicate so by checking the appropriate box on the ABBM.
Send your application for a ballot by mail as early as 60 days before an election. This will give you plenty of time to receive your ballot, mark it, and mail it back to:
Caldwell County Election Office
1403 Blackjack St, Ste. A
Lockhart, TX 78644
All applications to vote by mail must be received by the early voting clerk not later than the 11th day before election day by the close of regular business or 12 noon, whichever is later
.
Applications to vote by mail must be submitted in person or by mail, email, common or contract carrier, or fax (if a fax machine is available in the office of the early voting clerk).
Returning your Ballot by Mail
▲
A completed mail ballot
MUST
be returned to the Caldwell County Elections Office in the Official Carrier Envelope provided to the voter.
It may be returned in any of the following manners listed below:
Regular residential mail
via United States Postal Service
a.
Ballot
must be postmarked by 7:00 pm on Election Day
and must be received by 5:00 p.m. on the first mail delivery day after Election Day
In-person drop off
at Caldwell County Elections Building (1403 Blackjack St. Ste. A Lockhart, Texas 78644) on Election Day only from 7:00 am – 7:00 pm
A.
You must present an acceptable form of photo identification
B.
If a voter does not possess and cannot reasonably obtain an acceptable form of photo identification, the voter may show a List B identification and complete a Reasonable Impediment Declaration (RID)
C. Only the voter may deliver their ballot in person on Election Day
Common or contract carrier
(such as personal courier, or FedEx or UPS, or other contracted mail service)
A.
Ballot
must be received by 7:00 pm on Election Day
B.
If the carrier provides receipt mark indicating a time before 7:00 pm on Election Day, it may be received by 5:00 pm on the first mail delivery day after Election Day.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
NEW LAW EFFECTIVE 2022
▲
NEW LAW EFFECTIVE 2022
Senate Bill 1 sets new rules for voting by mail. Those who are eligible to vote by mail, will now need to provide:
Their Driver's License Number (DL); and/or
The last four (4) of their Social Security (SSN).
Voters must write their Driver's License Number and/or the last four (4) of their Social Security number in two places:
On the Application to Vote by Mail (ABBM); and
On the completed Ballot Envelope.
NOTE:
The Driver's License or Social Security numbers provided on the ABBM will have to match the numbers on the envelope used to return the completed ballot.
If any information is missing or invalid, we will proactively reach out to you directly to address any inconsistencies if you included a phone number or email when registering to vote. If not, we will mail you a letter with follow up information.
Failed attempts to contact you regarding your missing or unmatched Driver's License or Social Security Number on the ABBM or Return Ballot Envelope may result in rejection of the application or ballot.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Important Note
Registered voters who are temporarily out of the country and wish to vote, may complete the Federal Post Card Application (FPCA). This type of application is limited to:
A member of the U.S. Armed Forces, their spouse or a dependent
A member of the U.S. Merchant Marines, their spouse or a dependent
A U.S. citizen domiciled in Caldwell County Texas but temporarily living outside the territorial limits of the United States
A FPCA is valid for one calendar year (last day of December), when completed properly. The FPCA must be resubmitted every time a voter changes mailing address. To participate in an election taking place within a calendar year, an FPCA may be mailed starting on January 1 of that year.
For additional information visit the Federal Voting Assistance Program’s website at
www.fvap.gov
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the FPCA online submission; please email caldwellec@co.caldwell.tx.us
Ballots from civilians abroad must be received no later than the 5th day after Election Day.
Ballots from Military voters must be received no later than the 6th day after Election Day.
Military & Overseas Voters (Click Here)
▲
Military & Overseas Voters
First and foremost, we would like to thank you, the military voters, for your service to our country. To all U.S. citizens overseas, thank you for your interest in your country’s elections while far away. (Federal voting law defines “overseas” as anywhere outside the United States. This includes Canada and Mexico.) Military and overseas voters are welcome to use the regular registration and early voting by mail process (also known as absentee voting) available to all voters away from their home county on Election Day. However, there are also special provisions for you.
Who can use the Federal Postcard Application (FPCA)?
Active duty military, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) temporarily overseas* away from the home Texas county
U.S. Citizens (nonmilitary) permanently overseas* away from the (previous) home Texas county
Members of the merchant marine, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of the Texas National Guard, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of a National Guard of another state, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
Members of the military reserves on active duty, spouses, and dependents (voting from outside the home Texas county)
The process is as easy as ABC:
A (
Application
)
Fill out and file your FPCA (Federal Postcard Application) as soon as possible but no later than the 11th day before Election Day.
B. Ballot
How do you receive the ballot from the clerk?
Authorized method the voter requested on the FPCA:
Hard copy by mail (default method if nothing else requested)
E-mail (unmarked ballot)
Common or contract carrier (if paid for by voter)
Unmarked ballots may
not
be faxed under Texas law, regardless of voter’s status.
C. Casting and Counting
How do you return the ballot to the Early Voting Clerk?
Hard copy by mail, or common or contract courier (like any other ballot by mail)
IF from military voter (or spouse or dependent) in hostile fire pay / imminent danger pay / combat zone, may be faxed using
authorized channels
.
When is the deadline for returning the ballot?
Regular deadline: receipt by 7:00 p.m. Election Day
Deadline for voters voting from overseas location: receipt by 5th day after Election Day
Deadline for the ballot to be
received
is the
6th day after Election Day
for:
Members of the armed forces of the United States, or the spouse or a dependent of a member of the armed forces;
Members of the merchant marines of the United States, or the spouse or a dependent of a member of the merchant marine;
Members of the Texas National Guard, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the Texas National Guard;
Members of the National Guard of another state, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the National Guard of another state;
Members of the military reserves on active duty, or the spouse or dependent of a member of the military reserves on active duty.
*Federal law defines “overseas” as anywhere outside the United States. If you are not one of these voters, you need the regular early voting by mail procedures.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
FAQ
▲
When can a qualified voter submit their Annual Ballot by Mail (ABBM) application?
▲
Voters may begin to submit Annual Ballot by Mail (ABBM) on or after January 1 of the calendar year in which the voter wishes to receive ballots. [
§ 86.0015
]
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
How will I receive my ballot?
▲
Once a completed ABBM or FPCA is received and processed, a paper ballot will be sent through the U.S. Postal Service to the address on file.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Where do I select the party of my choice?
▲
In Section 4 of the Application to Vote by Mail under the Primary Election section.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
How long is the Annual ABBM valid?
▲
The Annual ABBM is valid from the time the early voting clerk receives it until the end of the calendar year or until the voter submits a change in registration information. Thus, the Annual ABBM expires on December 31 of the current year, regardless of when the voter submitted the application to the early voting clerk. [
§ 86.0015(b)
]
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
How soon must I return my ballot?
▲
Any ballots returned must be postmarked no later than 7 p.m. on Election Day. If you are mailing your ballot from outside the United States, your ballot must be delivered to the Elections Department no later than five days after Election Day.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Is the Annual ABBM sufficient for all elections in which the voter is eligible to vote?
▲
Yes. The voter will receive a ballot as long as they qualify for the proceeding election.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Why did I have to indicate party preference on my Application for a Ballot by Mail (ABBM)?
▲
Because a voter cannot participate in both parties' primary elections, a voter MUST indicate, when voting by mail, their party preference to ensure they receive the correct ballot style.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Caldwell County Justice Center   |   1703 S. Colorado St   |   Lockhart, TX 78644
Main Historic Courthouse   |   110 S Main   |   Lockhart, TX 78644
Web Accessibility
Staff Login
Copyright © Caldwell County, Texas
2016
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
