Elections & Voter Registration | Comal County, TX
Skip to Main Content
Burn Ban On
Burn Ban On
Read On...
Create a Website Account
- Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.
Website Sign In
Government
Justice
Services
Notices
Contact Us
Search
Archived Data
Past Election Results
Comal County Elected Officials Campaign Finance Reports
Precinct Maps
County Clerk's Office
Home
Government
County Offices
Elections & Voter Registration
Elections & Voter Registration
Notice of the
priority given to persons with a mobility problem
:
"Pursuant to Section 63.0015, Election Code, an election officer shall give voting order priority to individuals with a mobility problem that substantially impairs the person's ability to move around. A person assisting an individual with a mobility problem may also, at the individual's request, be given voting order priority. Disabilities and conditions that may qualify you for voting order priority include paralysis, lung disease, the use of portable oxygen, cardiac deficiency, severe limitation in the ability to walk due to arthritic, neurological, or orthopedic condition, wheelchair confinement, arthritis, foot disorder, the inability to walk 200 feet without stopping to rest, or use of a brace, cane, crutch, or other assistive device."
View the
Services Available to Voters with Disabilities in Texas
.
Voting Data
Past Election Results from 2011 - 2026
Archived Election Data
Texas Election Results
VoteTexas.gov, Spanish
VoteTexas.gov
November 3, 2026 General Election
Early Voting Locations for November 3, 2026 General Election
Election Day Polling Locations for November 3, 2026 General Election
Notice of Deadline to File an Application for Place on Ballot Cities School Districts and Other Political Subdivisions (PDF)
City of Schertz Resolution 26-R-075 Order of Election November 3 2026 (PDF)
Order of General Election - Comal Appraisal District (PDF)
Resolution and Order No. 07-26-151 Ordering Edwards Aquifer Authority Election Districts No. 9 and 8
Region 11 Guadalupe Regional Flood Planning Group Solicitation of Nominee to Fill One (1) Voting Position
Comal Independent School District Notice of Bond Election
Comal Independent School District Order Calling A Bond Election
Resolution 26-R-075 Ordering City of Schertz November 3, 2026 General Election
Governors Proclamation Ordering November 3, 2026 General Election
Order of Election - November General Election for County Officers
Order of Election Crystal Clear Special Utility District Comal County
Edwards Aquifer Authority Certification of Unopposed Candidates
Comal County WID No. 3B Notice of Confirmation, Directors, Bonds, Operation and Maintenance
Comal County WID No. 3B Order Calling Confirmation, Directors, Bonds, Operation and Maintenance Tax, and Special Contract Elections
SOS_Proclamation_Uniform_Runoff_Election_Date_for_November_3,_2026_General_Election
Comal Appraisal District Certification of Unopposed Candidates
Comal Appraisal District Order of Cancellation General Election
Get Ready to Vote
Register to Vote
What Precinct am I in?
↪
Precinct Maps
Ballot by Mail Application (English) (PDF)
Ballot by Mail Application (Spanish) (PDF)
Military and Overseas Voters
Voters with Disabilities
Student Voters
Acceptable Forms of ID
Voting Machine Instructions
Useful Election Tools
Ballot by Mail Tracker
By the Texas Secretary of State
Track the status of your ballot by mail application or ballot
.
Change Name or Address
By the Texas Secretary of State
You may use this service to
update your Texas voter registration information
.
Current Election Data
By the Texas Secretary of State
View
proclamations, dates, calendar, candidates, results, etc.
Applications
Volunteer Deputy Registrar Training
Comal County Poll Worker Application
Volunteer Deputy Registrar Reciprocity
Verity Voting Machine Training
View Verity Training Video Full Screen
Verity Voting Machine Security Features (PDF)
Comal County Elections and Voter Registration is managed by the Elections Coordinator who is under the County Clerk. The office is located at 396 North Seguin Avenue just past the courthouse annex building. Comal County is a vote center county.
Contact Us
Cynthia Jaqua
Elections Coordinator
Email Cynthia Jaqua
Donna Dandridge
Voter Registrar
Email Donna Dandridge
Elections & Voter Registration
Email Elections & Voter Registration
Physical Address
View Map
396 N Seguin Avenue
New Braunfels
,
TX
78130
396 N Seguin Avenue New Braunfels TX 78130
Directions
Phone:
830-221-1352
Directory
Quick Links
Election Results
Archived Data
Campaign Finance Reports
View All Quick Links
/QuickLinks.aspx
Agendas & Minutes
Voter Information
Burn Ban
Permitting, Maps, & Roads
Jury Duty
Property Tax & Motor Vehicle
Contact Us
Main County Mailbox
150 N. Seguin Avenue
New Braunfels, Texas 78130
Phone:
830-221-1100
Fax: 830-608-2026
Quick Links
2026 Adopted Budget
Engineer's Office
Job Openings
Orders & Resolutions
Plat Viewer
/QuickLinks.aspx
Site Links
Home
Site Map
Contact Us
Accessibility
Copyright Notices
Privacy Policy
/QuickLinks.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
[]
