Burleson County, Texas
Skip Navigation
Home
Sitemap
Contact Us
Translate
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Living Here
Burleson Health Resource Center (BHRC)
Construction Permits
Septic System Permits
Subdivision Regulations / Rental Communities
Property Taxes
Citizens Collection Stations & Rules
Adopt-A-Road Program
Recycling in Burleson County
Keep Burleson County Beautiful
Farmers Market
Getting Involved
Health Care
Utilities
Community Resources
Doing Business
BID / RFP / RFQ Info
Economic Development
Economic Incentives
Hotel Occupancy Tax Reporting Form
Workforce
Mass Gathering Application
County Right-of-Way Event Permits
Contracting or Selling to the County
Oil & Gas
Junk/Wrecking/Salvage Yards
Visiting
Accommodations
Entertainment
Lake Somerville
Restaurants
Events
Government
County Judge
County Court
Court Compliance Office
Probate Court
Precinct Commissioners
Commissioners Court
Agendas & Minutes
Constable
County Attorney
County Auditor
County Clerk
Candidate / Officer Holder Campaign Finance Rpt
Appt of Campaign Treasurer by a Candidate
District Clerk
District Courts
Elections
Election Notices
Early Voting
Election Results
County Polling Locations
Poll Worker Information
Election Training
Emergency Management
Emergency Notification
Employment
Human Resources
Employee Portal
Environmental / Septic
Justice of the Peace
Sheriff
Mental Health Unit
County Jail
Employment Opportunities
Crime Stoppers
Tax Assessor-Collector
Treasurer
911 Addressing
Texas A&M AgriLife
Historical Commission
Veterans
County Information
County Supervision and Corrections Department
Financials
Check Register
Financial Reports
Approved Budgets
Utility Bills
How can I...
Use enter to open, Escape to close
Apply for a job
Apply for a marriage license
Apply for a septic permit
Apply for a 9 1 1 address
Pay my taxes
Renew my driver’s license?
Register my vehicle
Pay a Traffic Ticket Online?
Find a local landfill/dump
Find property information
Apply for a Floodplain Permit
Find the Veteran’s Service Officer
Register to vote
Inquire about my property’s appraised value
Obtain a copy of a birth/death certificate
Sign up for the Emergency Notifications
Make an Open Records Request
Access public records
Find civil legal information for Texans who cannot afford legal help
Clear an arrest from your records (expunge)
Get an occupational license
Register a business name (Doing Business As – Sole Proprietor or Partnership or incorporated)
Burleson County Elections
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Burleson County Elections
Election Notices
Early Voting
County Polling Locations
Election Results
Election Training
Elections -External Links
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Vote Texas
Election Turnout Data -EV
ENR Public Portal
SOS's My Voter Portal
Ballot Tracker
VIP Voting Information Tool
Military Voters
Student Voting Guide
Elections
Patty Vychopen,
Elections Administrator
100 W. Buck St. Suite 107
Caldwell, TX 77836
979-567-2000 Phone
979-567-0789 Fax
electadmin@burlesoncounty.org
Public Information Request
Public Information Request form
News and information
Rating of OUTSTANDING - 2024 Election Website Review
TX Committee on Elections testimony video
- Burleson County Elections uses HART and that testimony is at the 2:03:12 mark.
Additional timestamps are noted below for your convenience.
Texas Secretary of State Voter Information
Voter Registration Application
Voter Registration Name & Address Change
Voter Registration Request Information
Application for Ballot by Mail
Application for Ballot by Mail Information
Ballot By Mail Tracking
Early Voting Voters who Voted
Election Day Results by County
Political and Campaign Information
Political and Campaign Signs
Burleson County Local Elected Officials
Election and filing dates
Voter ID
As provided by a court order, if a voter has a reasonable impediment to obtaining one of the seven forms of approved photo ID, the voter may vote by (1) signing a declaration at the polls explaining why the voter is unable to obtain one of the seven forms of approved photo ID, and (2) providing one of various forms of supporting documentation.
Supporting documentation can be a certified birth certificate (must be an original), a valid voter registration certificate, a copy or original of one of the following: current utility bill, bank statement, government check, or paycheck, or other government document that shows the voter’s name and an address, although government documents which include a photo must be original and cannot be copies. If a voter meets these requirements and is otherwise eligible to vote, the voter will be able to cast a regular ballot in the election.
The seven forms of approved photo ID are:
Texas driver license issued by the Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS)
Texas Election Identification Certificate issued by DPS
Texas personal identification card issued by DPS
Texas license to carry a handgun issued by DPS
United States military identification card containing the person’s photograph
United States citizenship certificate containing the person’s photograph
United States passport
Additional Election Information
Burleson County Polling Locations
Poll Worker Information
Accommodations for Voters with Disabilities
During Early Voting and on Election Day you may vote in person on our ADA compliant DUO or,
You may request an application for a Ballot by Mail or,
If you are physically unable to enter the polling place without personal assistance or likelihood of injury to your health, curbside voting is available.  Park in the designated space and text or phone the polling location that you are there and waiting.
Notice of Voting Order Priority
Voter Registration
You may come to our office to register to vote. After all information is verified, a card will be sent to you.
In order to be eligible to vote, you need to be registered 30 days before the election. Any time you move, or change your name, you need to notify our office so that your file will be updated and you will be in the correct precinct.
As long as all of your information stays the same, you will automatically receive a new card from us every two years.
Voter Registration Information may be obtained from the
Secretary of State’s Office
Ballot by Mail Applications
You may request an application by phone 979-567-2000, stop by and pick one up, or click here for
Ballot by Mail form in English
or
Ballot By Mail form in Spanish
that you can complete, print, and mail to 100 W. Buck St., Suite 107, Caldwell, TX; 77836.
Ballot By Mail Tracking
to track the status of your ballot by mail application or ballot.
CONNECT WITH US
Burleson County
100 West Buck St.
Caldwell, TX 77836
PHONE: (979) 567-2333
Email:
contact@burlesoncounty.org
Mon - Fri: 8am - 5:00pm
Sat - Sun: Closed
OUR MISSION
Burleson County
is dedicated to providing services to the public in an efficient, responsible and professional manner. Services will be delivered in a caring, humane environment.
Burleson County
is dedicated to providing a work environment where we respect the dignity, and recognize the merit of each individual employee.
Burleson County
is committed to a policy of open government.
Facebook
Web Accessability
Page Login
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
Burleson County Texas. All rights reserved.
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
