Elections and Voting - Home | Jackson County, TX
Skip Navigation
Close
Thank You!
Your information has been submitted!
Your information has been submitted!
Image 1 of 1
Maximize image
Restore image
HOME
SITEMAP
CONTACT
TRANSLATE
Search
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Government
24th District Court
135th District Court
267th District Court
Commissioners Court
Constables
County Auditor
County Clerk
County Judge
County Treasurer
District Attorney
District Clerk
Justice of the Peace
Sheriff
Tax Assessor Collector
Departments
Agricultural Extension
Airport
Elections
Elections - Home
2026 Elections
Emergency Management
Juvenile Probation
Library
Septic & Development Permitting
Veterans Services
Waste Transfer & Recycling
Financial Transparency
Budgets
Check Registers
Financial Reports
Financial Transparency Archives
Payroll History
Tax Rates
Treasurer Reports
Utility Reports
Public Notices
News and Public Notices
Bid Notices & Results
Commissioners Court Minutes
Government Auction
Foreclosure Notices
Job Openings
Public Notices Calendar
How Do I...
Register to Vote
Make an Open Records Request
Rent the Auditorium
Elections and Voting - Home
Jackson County Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
AgriLife Extension
County Directory
County Employee Information
Elections & Voting
Elections & Voting Home
2026 Elections
Emergency Management
Fair Housing
Forms & Publications
Job Openings
Library
Navigation District
Texana Groundwater Conservation District
Property Tax
Recycling
Jackson County Elections - Voter Information
Elections Administration
Jackson County Clerk
Katherine M. Respondek
115 West Main St. Room 101
Edna, Texas 77957
Telephone: 361-782-3563
jcclerk@co.jackson.tx.us
Voter Registration
Tax Assessors Office
115 West Main, Room 102
Edna, Texas 77957
Phone: 361-782-3473
Fax: 361-782-3645
Office Hours:
Monday - Friday 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM
Voter Resources / Recursos Para el Votante
▲
General Information:
VoteTexas.gov
En Español VoteTexas.gov
Texas Vote411.org
Election Results:
Texas Election Results
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Contact Katherine Respondek
▲
tab1
Your Name
required
Your Name is required
Your Phone Number
required
Your Phone Number is required
Your Email
required
Your Email is required
Invalid Email Format
Confirm Email:
'Confirm Email:' does not match
Reason for Inquiry
required
Reason for Inquiry is required
reCAPTCHA is required
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Register to Vote
Check to see if you are registered to vote:
Am I registered to Vote in Texas?
If you are registered but need to update your name or address:
Update Your Voter Registration Name or Address
You will need your Voter Unique Identifier (VUID) which you can get by clicking the Are you Registered to Vote link above.
The county must receive your voter
registration application at least 30 days before an election.
Ways to register to vote:
In person.
Visit the Tax Assessors Office - 115 West Main, Room 102, Edna, Texas 77957
Online/Print and Mail.
Fill out your voter
registration application online here:
How to Register
Print, sign, and mail it to
the Tax Assessors Office.
By mail.
Call us and request that we mail you a postage-free application: 361-782-3473
With a VDR (Volunteer Deputy Registrar)
. A VDR can provide you the form to fill out and deliver your completed form to the Voter Registrar office.
Eligibility to Register to Vote
▲
You are eligible to register to vote if:
You are a United States citizen;
You are a resident of the county where you submit the application;
You are at least 17 years and 10 months old on the date your voter registration application is submitted, and you are 18 years of age on Election Day.
You are not a convicted felon (you may be eligible to vote if you have completed your sentence, probation, and parole); and
You have not been declared by a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be either totally mentally incapacitated or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Photo ID at the Polls
Bring one of the seven allowed forms of photo ID when you vote; the most common one is your Texas driver's license.
Click here to see the seven forms of voter ID.
Voters who do not possess and cannot reasonably obtain one of these photo IDs may fill out a Reasonable Impediment Declaration (RID) (PDF) at the polls and present an alternative form of ID, such as a utility bill, bank statement, government check, or voter registration postcard.
More information about voting in person
- from VoteTexas.gov
Early Voting
Texas is a pioneer in early voting, having become the first U.S. state to offer in-person early voting in the 1980s.
You do not have to meet any special qualifications to vote early in person
– if you are registered and qualified to vote on Election Day, you can also cast a ballot during the early voting period. This enables Texas voters to cast their ballot in the days and weeks before an election to make the voting process more convenient and accessible.
Generally, early voting in person begins the 17th day before Election Day (if that’s a weekend, early voting starts on Monday) and ends the 4th day before Election Day. Vote at a location in your political subdivision that’s close to where you live or work. All other voting rules and procedures apply – e.g., eligibility and polling hours.
(NOTE: Early voting for some special elections and for elections held in May starts the 12th day before Election Day and ends on the 4th day before Election Day.)
Curbside Voting
If a voter is physically unable to enter the polling place, he or she may ask that an election officer bring a ballot to the entrance of the polling place or to a car parked at the curbside. After the voter marks the ballot, they will give it to the election officer, who will put it in the ballot box. Or, at the voter’s request, a companion may hand the voter a ballot and deposit it for him or her.
If you plan to go alone to vote curbside, it is wise to call ahead to the
Jackson County Clerk's Office @ (361) 782-3563
so election officials will expect you and can give instructions on where to park. Generally speaking, you may vote curbside during the early voting period or on Election Day.
Help with Elections
If you are interested in becoming a poll worker, please contact the Jackson County Clerk's Office at 361-782-3563 or email
jcclerk@co.jackson.tx.us
Interested in becoming an Election Worker?
Interested in becoming a Student Clerk?
Student Poll Worker Application
Vote by Mail (Absentee Vote)
▲
Ballot by Mail Information
Are you Eligible to Receive a Ballot by Mail?
Ballot by Mail Application Instructions
Application for a Ballot By Mail
Military & Overseas Voters
Ballot By Mail Tracker
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Voting Equipment Used in Jackson County
▲
From Election Systems & Software:
ES&S ExpressVote: an electronic ballot marking device that produces an auditable paper record.
ES&S DS200: an optical scan voting system
.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Assistance and Interpreters at the Polls
▲
Assistance at the Polls
If you need assistance at the polls, tell the election official if you are a voter who needs help to vote. You do not have to provide proof of your disability. For guidance on which voters are eligible to receive assistance at the polling place, please see
Section 208 of the Voting Rights Act (VRA)
which provides for voters who need assistance to vote by reason of blindness, disability, or inability to read or write.
Voters may be assisted by:
Any person the voter chooses who is not an election worker;
Two election workers on Election Day; or
One election worker during early voting.
Voters MAY NOT be assisted by:
Their employer;
An agent of their employer; or
An officer or agent of their union.
The person assisting the voter must read him or her the entire ballot, unless the voter asks to have only parts of the ballot read. The person assisting the voter must take an oath that he or she will not try to influence the voter’s vote and will mark the ballot as the voter directs. If the voter chooses to be assisted by polling place officials, poll watchers and election inspectors may observe the voting process, but if the voter asks to be assisted by a person the voter chooses, no one else may watch him or her vote.
It is illegal for a person assisting the voter to:
Try to influence the voter’s vote;
Mark the voter’s ballot in a way other than the way they have asked; or
Tell anyone how the voter voted.
Voters May Use Interpreters at the Polls
More Information about Interpreters at the Polls
Voters who cannot speak English, or who communicate only with sign language, may use an interpreter to help them communicate with election officials, regardless of whether the election official(s) attending to the voter can speak the same language as the voter. The voter may select any person other than the voter’s employer, an agent of the voter’s employer, or an officer or agent of a labor union to which the voter belongs. If the voter cannot read the languages on the ballot, the interpreter may also act as an assistant for the voter, but they must follow the procedures for an assistant. (See assistance section above for more details.) If the voter is deaf and does not have a sign language interpreter who can accompany them to help communicate with the poll worker or read the ballot, the voter should contact his or her local election officials before the election and request assistance.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Political Signage and Literature at the Polls
▲
The 100-Foot Marker
When you go to your polling place, you will likely notice a cone or other distance marker placed 100 feet from the entrance of the building. Inside that 100 foot mark, you are not allowed to post, use or distribute any political signs or literature relating to a candidate, political party or measure appearing on your ballot in that election.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Cell Phones and Other Electronic Devices at the Polls
▲
Under Texas law, persons are not allowed to use wireless communications devices within 100 feet of voting stations. Additionally, persons are not allowed to use mechanical or electronic devices to record sound or images within 100 feet of the voting stations.
Devices that should not be used in the polling place include:
Cell phones
Cameras
Tablet computers
Laptop computers
Sound recorders
Any other device that may communicate wirelessly, or be used to record sound or images.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
What Can’t I Wear to the Polls?
▲
In Texas, a person may not wear apparel or a similar communicative device relating to a candidate, measure, or political party appearing on the ballot in the current election, but a person may wear such apparel relating to a candidate, measure, or political party that does NOT appear on the ballot in the current election.
In other words, if you are wearing a hat, t-shirt, or button relating to a candidate, measure or political party that does not appear on the ballot in the current election, you are not violating Texas law.
However, if you are wearing apparel relating to a candidate, measure, or political party on the ballot, a presiding judge has the ability to enforce the law within the 100-foot marker outside of the polling place entrance. You may be asked to remove or cover up your apparel before entering the building.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Straight-Party Voting Has Been Eliminated
▲
House Bill 25 - Effective September 1, 2020
House Bill 25, passed during the 85th Legislative Session, eliminated straight party voting effective September 1, 2020 (Section 64.004, Texas Election Code). If you wish to vote for all of the candidates affiliated with one party, you should select each candidate one at a time on your ballot.
“El Proyecto de Ley 25 de la Cámara de Representantes, aprobado durante la 85a Sesión Legislativa, eliminó la votación de partido único a partir del 1 de septiembre de 2020 (Sección 64.004, Código Electoral de Texas). Si desea votar por todos los candidatos afiliados a un partido, debe seleccionar a cada candidato uno a la vez en su boleta.”
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Party Chairs
TEXAS REPUBLICAN PARTY
David Webel - Republican Party Chair
(361) 550-3578
TEXAS DEMOCRATIC PARTY
H. Donnell Cole - Democratic Party Chair
(361) 550-5997
Address
Jackson County Courthouse
115 West Main
Edna, Texas 77957
Contact
Department Contacts
Useful Links
Nondiscrimination
Disclaimer
Report Problem
Web Accessibility
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
Jackson County, Texas. All rights reserved.
Provided by the
Texas Association of Counties
(opens in a new tab)
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
(opens in a new tab)
TM
