Home | Coleman County, Texas
Skip Navigation
Home
Contact
Sitemap
Translate
Search
Coleman County, Texas
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Government
County Court
County Judge
County Court Docket
County Attorney
Magistrates
Courthouse Security
Commissioners Court
Commissioners Court Home
Commissioners Court Agendas
Commissioners Court Minutes
Commissioners Court Resolutions
County Clerk
County Clerk Home
Fee Schedules, Recording/Filing, Payments
County Clerk Forms
Birth and Death Certificates
Marriage Information
Public Records Search
Assumed Name (DBA)
Marks and Brand Information
Military Discharge
Notice of Foreclosure and Trustee Sales
Probate and Guardianship
Self-Help Resources
County Treasurer
County Treasurer Home
Treasurer Reports
Tax Assessor Collector
Constables
Sheriff
Sheriff Home
Jail Visitation Procedures
Justice of the Peace
County Auditor
District Court
District Attorney
District Clerk
Departments
Elections
Elections - Home
Candidate Information
City of Coleman Election
Coleman ISD Election
Current Local Elections
Election Day Information
Earling Voting
Medical Center Elections
Election Public Notices
Sample Ballots
Santa Anna Elections
Santa Anna ISD Elections
Elections Training and Education
Voter Registration
Voting by Mail
Federal Post Card Application
Emergency Management
Game Warden
Extension Office
Veteran Services
Financial Transparency
Public Notices
Public Notices Calendar
Commissioners Court Agendas
Foreclosure Notices
Estray Notices
Job Openings
Elections Public Notices
Citizen Resources
Holidays
How Do I...
Make a Payment
Submit an Application
Register to Vote
Search Public Records
Find Useful Links
Coleman County, Texas
is known for its ranching heritage, rolling landscapes, and enduring connection to the land. Anchored by the historic City of Coleman, the county reflects generations of agricultural tradition while embracing the natural beauty and outdoor recreation that define the region. From Lake Coleman to its well-known hunting and fishing opportunities, Coleman County offers a unique blend of Texas heritage, rural charm, and outdoor adventure.
Active slide image alt text will be announced here
Important Links
at-a-glance
Agendas
and Minutes
Forms & Permits
Court Payments
Emergency Management
County Clerk
Elections & Voting
Extension Office
Job Openings
News and Announcements
Sesquicentennial Resolution
Coleman County Sesquicentennial Resolution (pdf)
Notice of Doors Locked
The North and East entrances to the Courthouse will remain locked during regular business hours.
Please use the South (front) and West entrances to enter the building.
Please note that all doors can be exited at all times.  Thank you.
Weather Related Delay and Closing Information
Any Closings or Delays will be posted here.
Events
Public Information Requests [Open Records]
▲
Requests for access to or copies of county government public records should be made in writing directly to the department that has custody of the records. In county government, each elected official is the public information administrator of his department. No department has control, possession or authority over the records of any other department. A request made to the wrong department can cause unnecessary delay. The department that received a request for records in another department has no duty to forward the request to the correct department.   For additional information concerning Public Information Act requests go to the Attorney General's website at this link:
http://www.oag.state.tx.us/open/requestors.shtml.
Some records may be excluded from disclosure by law. In some instances costs for copying or retrieving records may be charged.
Judicial records are not subject to the Public Information Act. Some judicial records may be available under Rule 12 of the Texas Judicial Administrative Rules. Some may be open to the public and to copying under the Texas Constitution or the common law of Texas. Some may not be open to the public. Requests for judicial records should be made to the clerk of the court or to the judge depending on the type of record being sought.
Public Information Request Form
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Tax Rate
▲
COLEMAN COUNTY ADOPTED A TAX RATE THAT WILL RAISE MORE TAXES FOR MAINTENANCE AND OPERATION THAN LAST YEAR'S TAX RATE.
THE TAX RATE WILL BE RAISED BY 2.26 PERCENT AND WILL RAISE TAXES FOR MAINTENANCE AND OPERATIONS ON A $100,000 HOME BY APPROXIMATELY $17.80.
Press the enter key or spacebar to expand or collapse the accordion
Information and Resources
Economic Development
Game Warden
County Holidays
Jury Information
Coleman County, Texas
Contact
Coleman County Courthouse
|  100 W Live Oak Street  |  Coleman, TX 76834
Web Accessibility
Disclaimer
Nondiscrimination
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
Coleman County, Texas. All rights reserved.
Provided by the
Texas Association of Counties
(opens in a new tab)
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
(opens in a new tab)
TM
