Sabine County, Texas
Skip Navigation
Sabine County Texas
HOME
CONTACT US
TRANSLATE
GO
Quicklinks
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Home
County Offices
County Judge
Commissioners Court
County Attorney
County Clerk
County Treasurer
County Tax Assessor/Collector
County Constitutional Court
Constable
Sheriff
Justice of The Peace
County Auditor
District Court
District Court Judge
273rd District Court
1st District Judge
District Clerk
District Attorney
Other County Offices
Emergency Management
Veterans Services
911 Administration
Elections
Probation
Juvenile Probation
Adult Probation
Extension Office
Human Resources
Floodplain Management
On Site Sewer Facilities
Financial Transparency
Utility Reports
Adopted Budget and Audits
Proposed Budgets
Tax Rate
Monthly Financial Reports
County Debt Reporting
Public Notices & News
Public Notices
County News
Employment Opportunities
Job Openings
Fair Housing Information
County Maps and Information
Elections
Public information act
Public Documents
Sabine County Clerk's Office
280 Main Street
Ste. 100
Hemphill, Texas 75948
Phone: 409-787-3786
Fax: 409-220-8353
Hours:
Monday-Friday: 8AM-4PM
Election Day: 7AM-7PM
Jamie Clark, County Clerk
countyclerk@co.sabine.tx.us
VOTER REGISTRATION INFORMATION
In order to vote, you must be registered. Applications must be submitted at least 30 days before the election date.
In Texas, citizens do not register by political party, but simply register in their county of current residence.
You are eligible to register to vote if:
You are a United States citizen;
You are a resident of the county where you submit the application;
You are at least 17 years and 10 months of age;
You are not a convicted felon (unless you have completed your sentence including any incarceration, probation, or parole); and
You have not been declared by a court exercising probate jurisdiction to be either totally mentally incapacitated or partially mentally incapacitated without the right to vote
REGISTER TO VOTE
In Texas, citizens do not register by political party, but simply register in their county of current residence. Applications are effective 30 days after they are postmarked or hand-delivered.
To receive a Voter Registration Application, you may:
Download and print
Texas Voter Registration Application
(pdf form).
Call the County Clerk's Office at 409-787-3786
Pick up an application at one of several locations throughout the county, including Post Offices, Libraries, and DPS locations.
Mail your completed applications to
or hand deliver it to the Elections Department, located at the
SABINE COUNTY CLERK - ELECTIONS
280 MAIN STREET
STE 100
HEMPHILL, TEXAS 75948
You may fax your application to 409-220-8353 but the hard copy must be received by our office within four business days. (Please include "Application was faxed" at the top of the application.)
Note to those who renew their driver's license on the Texas Department of Public Safety website, DPS provides a link to update your voter registration application. Be aware you must complete the form,
PRINT
and mail it in.
Questions can be emailed to:
cou
ntyclerk@co.sabine.tx.us
(Applications cannot be accepted via email.)
VOTER REGISTRATION CERTIFICATE
Here is a diagram and some important information about your Voter Registration Certificate:
1.   VUID – This is your 10-digit statewide Voter Unique Identification Number issued by the Secretary of State’s office. This number remains the same as long as you are a registered voter in the State of Texas, regardless of the County in which you reside, or if you move from one County in Texas to another.
2.   Precinct No. – Your voting precinct is based upon your residence address. Williamson County allows voters to vote at any open Election Day Vote Center. Voters are no longer required to vote in their specific precinct.
3.   Upon expiration, new certificates are automatically mailed to voters with active registrations.
4.   Residence Address – Your name and address of residence as provided when you registered to vote. Your voting precinct and districts are based upon this address.
5.   Please sign your certificate upon receipt.
6.   When voting in a primary election, you must state the party you would like to receive a ballot from. Your selection will then be indicated in this space. This also helps ensure you will receive a ballot from the same party should a runoff election be required. If you did not vote in the initial primary, but would like to vote in a subsequent runoff, you will be able to make your party selection at that time.
7.   These are the districts in which you reside:
US Rep = United States Congress
State Senate and State Rep = Texas Legislature
Co. Comm = County Commissioner Precinct
J.P. =  Justice of the Peace District
8.   Mailing Address – Address provided by you to our office indicating where you wish to receive your mail. This address is not used in determining your precincts or in which races you will be eligible to vote.
How to find us.
Sabine County Courthouse
201 Main St
Hemphill, TX 75948
Hours: 8:00am to 4:00pm
Monday- Friday
Some offices close between 12:00 pm & 1:00 pm for lunch
Google Map Loading...
Provided by the Texas Association of Counties
Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials
Copyright ©
{{YEAR}}
{{COUNTY}}
{{STATE}}
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
