Homepage - Caldwell County, TX
Skip Navigation
Home
Sitemap
Contact Us
Translate
Securing our future through County Governance
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
County Information
Current Transportation Plan
Safety Action Plan
Caldwell County Precinct Map
Caldwell County Historical Commission
Caldwell County Mapbook
About Data Centers
Resolution regarding Data Centers
Contact Information
County Calendar
Financial Transparency
Media Center
Metropolitan Planning Organization
Ordinances
Proclamations
Public Information Request
Public Notices
Road Closures
Government Officials
County Judge
Constables
Commissioners Court
County Auditor
County Clerk
Foreclosure Notices
County Court at Law
Sheriff
Tax Assessor/Collector
County Treasurer
District Attorney
District Clerk
Justice of the Peace
Precinct 1
Precinct 2
Precinct 3
Precinct 4
Departments and Services
General Information
Aging Advisory Council
Building Maintenance
Child Welfare Board
Community and Evacuation Center
Economic Development
Elections Office & Voter Registration
Emergency Management
Extension Office
Code Enforcement
Grants Administration
Human Resources
Indigent Health Care
Information Technology
911 Rural Addressing
Probation
Adult
Juvenile
Purchasing Department
Sanitation / Development Services
Unit Road
Unit Road Administrator
Unit Road Updates and FAQs
Veterans Services
Courts
District Court
County Court at Law
22nd District Court
207th District Court
421st District Court
Caldwell County Justice Center
District Attorney
District Clerk
Useful Links
Caldwell County Road Bond
Child Welfare Board
Crisis Hotlines & Resources
P.A.C.E.
Pay Tickets Online
Sheriff's Tax Sale
Texas DPS Drivers License Office
About TextMyGov
Water Supplier Information
How Do I...
Bid on a Project
Pay a Ticket Online
Search for a County Job
Get Married at the Courthouse
Apply for a Mass Gathering Permit
Apply for a Marriage License
Apply for a filming permit
Sign up for Commissioners Court alerts
Report illegal dumping
Welcome to Caldwell County
Situated immediately southeast of the state capital city, our county, with more than 45,800 residents according to the most recent decennial Census, is well-positioned for significant expansion. We have rapid and simple access to Austin, San Antonio, and Houston. The town of Lockhart, known as the Texas BBQ Capital, and Luling, home of the famed Watermelon Thump event, are located inside the County and each has its own special qualities and advantages. Gary Job Corps, the nation's first and biggest Job Corps program, is situated in Caldwell County and is close to the San Marcos Regional Airport. Situated in the center of the Texas Innovation Corridor, Caldwell County is a part of the Greater San Marcos area.
Caldwell County's Transportation Plan
Learn more about existing transportation infrastructure conditions and recommended improvements.
Active slide image alt text will be announced here
AGENDAS &
MINUTES
ELECTIONS
INFORMATION
&
VOTER
REGISTRATION
FINANCIAL
TRANSPARENCY
JOB
OPENINGS
CONTACT
INFORMATION
News & Information
Commissioners Court Recap: July 23, 2026
Mon, 03 Aug 2026
Next meeting Thursday , Aug. 13 Highlights of discussions and action taken by commissioners at the regular Ju ly 23 regular meeting included : Vot ing to leave the burn ban off at the recommendation o...
Read more...
District Attorney issues statement regarding announcement at July 23 Commissioners Court meeting
Mon, 27 Jul 2026
District Attorney Fred Weber sent the following statement to local media following the July 23 commissioners court meeting: On Tuesday afternoon the Assistant District Attorney assigned to act as lega...
Read more...
County Judge issues statement regarding announcement at July 23 commissioners court meeting
Fri, 24 Jul 2026
Caldwell County Judge Hoppy Haden today issued a statement following an announcement at the July 23 Commissioners Court regular meeting pertaining to pre-sale agreements involving individual landowner...
Read more...
Caldwell County receives disaster declaration for July storms
Tue, 14 Jul 2026
Gov. Greg Abbott on July 14 issued a disaster declaration for 59 Texas counties as severe storms continue to threaten the state, including Caldwell County. Declarations of disaster are issued to unloc...
Read more...
Commissioners Court Recap: July 9, 2026
Mon, 13 Jul 2026
Next meeting Thursday , July 23 Highlights of discussions and action taken by commissioners at the regular Ju ly 9 regular meeting include : Vot ing to leave the burn ban off at the recommendation of ...
Read more...
Caldwell County issues fraud alert regarding phishing emails targeting permit and planning applicants
Wed, 08 Jul 2026
Caldwell County is alerting residents and local businesses to phishing attempts involving fraudulent emails and invoices targeting active planning and permit applicants, informing them of application ...
Read more...
Commissioners Court Recap: June 25, 2026
Mon, 29 Jun 2026
Next meeting Thursday , July 9 Commissioners took action on the following items at their June 25 regular meeting: Voted to leave the burn ban off at the recommendation of Caldwell County s Office of E...
Read more...
The Aug. 13, 2026 Commissioners Court Meeting will be held in Room 200 at 9 a.m. in the Caldwell County Courthouse at
110 S. Main St., Lockhart, Texas.
Sign up for Caldwell County Commissioners Court meeting alerts @
GovDelivery
.
Watch live meetings
Useful links
Toggle main menu visibility
Menu
Caldwell County Road Bond
City of Lockhart
Lockhart ISD
Luling ISD
Prairie Lea ISD
Caldwell Historical Commission
Texas Veterans Portal
County Cemeteries
Tx DPS Drivers License Dept
Plum Creek Watershed Partner
CAPCOG Regional Services
Air Central Texas
County Resources
Notice about 2025 tax rates
Code Enforcement
Wildfire and Weather Updates
Road Closures
2024 Transportation Plan
Magistration Video Stream
About Data Centers
Request Public Records
NOTICE:
The Texas Workforce Commission ("TWC") is the entity responsible for enforcing the Fair Housing Act in the State of Texas. You have one year after an alleged violation to file a complaint, but you should file it as soon as possible. Go to
https://www.twc.texas.gov/programs/civil-rights
to file a complaint.
[live weather removed for determinism]
Caldwell County Justice Center   |   1703 S. Colorado St   |   Lockhart, TX 78644
Main Historic Courthouse   |   110 S Main   |   Lockhart, TX 78644
Staff Login
Web Accessibility
Copyright © Caldwell County, Texas
2016
powered by
ezTask
Titanium
TM
